 A soldier empties a basket of dead ravens out a tower window. They collect at the feet of THEON and DAGMER.  Riders approaching!  Open the gate! The gates open slowly and a band of riders canter into the courtyard. Among them is YARA, who exchanges glances with THEON before she circles him. Yara and her men have made themselves at home, feasting and sitting leisurely at the table. THEON enters.  Why, it's the Prince of Winterfell. The men laugh.  Envy isn't attractive.  What envy?  You should be proud of your brother's achievement. I took the great castle of Winterfell with 20 men.  You're a great warrior. I saw the bodies above your gates. Which one gave you the tougher fight, the cripple or the six-year-old?  I treated the Stark boys with honor, and they repaid me with treachery.  You treated them with honor? By butchering them?  Before I had to kill them, - I treated them -  You seized their home, as is your right. We're ironborn, we take what we need.  Exactly.  Then you made them prisoners in their home and they ran away. Is that treachery? I'd call it bravery.  They made me a promise  Your little boy prisoners made you a promise and you got mad when they broke it? Are you the dumbest cunt alive?  Don't call me  A cunt. A dumb cunt who killed the only two Starks in Winterfell. You know how valuable those boys were?  If I hadn't killed them, the Northerners would think me weak.  You are weak. And you're stupid.  I'm warning you.  Go on, then. Warn me. THEON pauses.  You haven't brought enough men. How am I supposed to defend Winterfell with just this lot?  You're not. I've come to bring you home. Father wants a word.  Is this a joke? Winterfell is the heart of the North.  Aye, it is, hundreds of miles from the sea. We're islanders, baby brother. Had you forgotten that? Our power comes from our ships. And now that you've decorated your walls with the bodies of the Stark boys, every man in the North wants to see you hanged. When Robb Stark finds out  He won't find out. We've killed all the ravens. We have all the horses. I've taken Winterfell. And I will keep Winterfell.  (to her men) Leave us. Her ironborn men get up from the table and exit. YARA gets up and faces THEON.  Theon, you're my blood. We both loved our mother. We both endured our father. Come home with me. Don't die here alone.  I don't intend to die.  You were a terrible baby, do you know that? Bawling all the time, never sleeping. And one night, you just wouldn't shut up, screaming like a dying pig. I walked over to your crib, I looked down at you. I wanted to strangle you. And you looked up at me and you stopped screaming. You smiled at me. Don't die so far from the sea. YARA exits. A party of wildlings, including JON and YGRITTE cross a frozen lake, joining a large band nearer the shore. The LORD OF BONES walks forward to meet them.  I've brought you a present, Lord of Bones.  I already got one crow. Don't need two.  Mance will want to question this one. Knows all about where the crows are and what they're planning. The Halfhand knows more. This one is just a little boy. Gut him.  He could have killed me half a dozen times.  And now he wishes he did. Gut him. A wildling draws a knife at the command.  He's a bastard of Winterfell, Ned Stark's son. LORD OF BONES turns around. Mance will want him.  What does Mance want with a dead man's bastard?  I don't know. I think he'll want to decide for himself. The LORD OF BONES walks to face YGRITTE  He runs, I'll chop his balls off.  He runs, I'll do it meself. The LORD OF BONES walks away.  We're even now, Jon Snow. YGRITTE exits. The wildlings force JON down on his knees, next to QHORIN, who also been captured.  I couldn't do it. I had the sword on her neck, I just couldn't  I know.  The others?  When you didn't come back, we went looking for you. We found your tracks fast enough. But they found us before we found you.  They died because of me.  See that it wasn't for nothing. Two wildlings approach, and lift QHORIN to his feet.  All right, up, lad.  Come on, on your feet, now. Move it. ROBB and TALISA walk through the trees as the sun sets, followed by soldiers and horses.  Is she beautiful?  I've never met her.  What's her name?  Frey, I suppose. I don't know her first name.  I'm sure you'll be very happy. They laugh together.  And you're marrying her for a bridge?  An important bridge.  Ah.  It was before they killed my father. I still thought I could march south and rescue him in time, but only if I crossed that bridge.  When I speak to people from the North, they all loved your father.  He was the best man I ever met. I know children always think that about their fathers, but  Children do not always think that about their fathers, believe me.  He once told me that being a lord is like being a father, except you have thousands of children and you worry about all of them. The farmers plowing the fields are yours to protect. The charwomen scrubbing the floors, yours to protect. The soldiers you order into battle. He told me he woke with fear in the morning and went to bed with fear in the night. I didn't believe him. I asked him, "How can a man be brave if he's afraid?" "That is the only time a man can be brave," he told me.  I wish I could have met him.  He would have liked you.  (chuckles) Most lords worry more about their gold and their glory than the charwomen scrubbing their floors.  He didn't care much about gold or glory.  And you? You think I'm fighting this war so they'll sing songs about me? I want to go home. I want the men following me to go home.  Then why don't you?  Because we'll never be safe until the Lannisters are defeated. And because I believe in justice.  Chopping off Joffrey's head, you mean.  That would be a start. Riders appraoch.  Your Grace, milady. The Kingslayer, he escaped in the night.  How? How? ROBB enters, finding CATELYN at her desk.  Tell me this isn't true. CATELYN doesn't answer. She looks up at him.  Why?  For the girls.  You betrayed me.  Robb  No! You knew I would not allow it and you did it anyway.  Bran and Rickon are captives in Winterfell. Sansa and Arya are captives in King's Landing. I have five children, and only one of them is free.  I lost one son fighting by your son's side. I lost another to the Kingslayer, strangled with a chain. You commit treason because your children are prisoners? I would carve out my heart and offer it to the Father, if he would let my sons wake from their graves and step into a prison cell.  I grieve for your sons, my lord.  I don't want your grief. I want my vengeance. And you stole it from me.  Killing Jaime Lannister would not buy life for your children, but returning him to King's Landing may buy life for mine.  Jaime Lannister has played you for a fool. You've weakened our position. You've brought discord into our camp. And you did it all behind my back. Make sure she's guarded day and night.  Robb. How many men did we send in pursuit of the Kingslayer?  Forty, Your Grace.  Send another 40 with our fastest horses.  Robb. ROBB exits. A white horse gallops over a small hill, riderless. Nearby, BRIENNE pushes JAIME off his mount, hooded and chained. She sends the horse off. She helps him up  Damn. She unhoods him. and helps him tstand.  You're much uglier in daylight. What's your name? I'm Jaime Lannister of Casterly Rock, son of Tywin. BRIENNE leads the chained JAIME forward.  A captive knight has a right to know his captor's identity.  Brienne of Tarth.  Tarth, Tarth, Tarth. Crescent moons and starbursts. Lord Selwyn Tarth. Your father. Do you have any brothers and sisters, my lady? It's a long way to King's Landing. Might as well get to know one another.  Have you known many men? I suppose not. Women? Horses? Ah. BIRENNE forces him down to his knees on the riverbank. A canoe sits nearby.  I didn't mean to give offense, my lady. Forgive me. BRIENNE looks off down the river, concerned of being seen.  Your crimes are past forgiveness, Kingslayer.  Why do you hate me so much? Have I ever harmed you?  You've harmed others, those you were sworn to protect, the weak, the innocent.  Has anyone ever told you you're as boring as you are ugly? BRIENNE pulls JAIME up and leads him to the river's edge.  You will not provoke me to anger.  I already have. Look at you. You're ready to chop my head off. Do you think you could? Do you think you could beat me in a fair fight?  I've never seen you fight.  The answer is no. There are three men in the kingdoms who might have a chance against me. You're not one of them.  All my life men like you have sneered at me. And all my life I've been knocking men like you into the dust.  If you're so confident, unlock my chains. Let's see what happens.  Do you take me for an idiot? In! JAIME enters the canoe and lies down. BRIENNE boards as well and sits in the stern.  I took you for a fighter, a man Pardon. Woman of honor. Was I wrong? You're afraid.  Maybe one day we'll find out, Kingslayer. BRIENNE launches the canoe and paddles it downstream. TYWIN sits in council with KEVAN LANNISTER and other Lannister bannermen. ARYA attends to them, and listens intently  King's Landing will fall an hour after Stannis lands his force. It's not too late for King Joffrey and Cersei and the court to ride west to safety.  Surrender the Iron Throne?  Better than seeing their heads mounted on the city gates. Stannis will execute them all.  No, a king who runs will not be king for long. He's a Lannister. He'll stand and fight. Stannis, two days from the capital and the wolf at my doorstep.  The scouts assure us Robb Stark remains north of Ashemark.  Ha! The last time the scouts assured us of Stark's movement, he lured us into a trap. Which is why my son is his prisoner. ARYA serves win to the table  Too close to Casterly Rock.  He sent a splinter force to recapture Winterfell. The Greyjoys have done us a great favor. Stark won't risk marching on Casterly Rock until he's at full force.  He's a boy and he's never lost a battle. He'll risk anything at any time because he doesn't know enough to be afraid. TYWIN ponders for a while by the hearth. He makes his decision.  We'll ride at nightfall. I want a full night's march before he knows we're on the move. Clegane, you'll maintain a garrison here at Harrenhal. Track down this brotherhood and destroy them. The girl has proven herself a good servant. She'll stay on with you. See that he doesn't get drunk in the evenings. He's poor company when he's sober, but he's better at his work. ARYA looks worried. ARYA walks through the dismal courtyard. Soldiers torture their prisoners.  You've got some questions to answer.  Who killed Ser Amory?  I don't know! Please!  Give me the name. Take this one out for the crows.  I told you, I don't know. Please. ARYA comes across RORGE, and BITER, sitting with some Lannister soldiers.  Look, it's Yoren's little cunt. Used to be a boy, now it's a girl.  Where's Jaqen?  Don't care. Where's your stick now, bitch? I promised to fuck you with it.  Come on, time to kill some wolves. They stand. Both RORGE and BITER eye ARYA as they walk past. HOT PIE sits talking while GENDRY works some horse shoes, listless.  You need sour cherries to make it right. And the secret is you dry the stones, and then you break them with a mallet. That's where the real flavor is. You crush 'em up real fine. And then when you're finished, you sprinkle them over the piecrust. ARYA enters.  Where's Jaqen?  How would I know?  I need him now. Lord Tywin's marching tonight.  You need him?  He's helping me.  I saw him.  Where? HOT PIE shrugs and pops his pastry in his mouth. ARYA comes over and grabs his ears.  Where?  Ow!  Where?  They went riding out the gates a few hours ago. ARYA tightens her grip.  On patrol. Let go of my ears. She does. ARYA turns at sound of horses, and watches TYWIN mount. She walks towards him  What do you want with him anyway? ARYA watches TYWIN and his men ride off.  Mance is gonna march on the Wall. When he does, one brother inside his army will be worth 1,000 fighting against it.  They'll never trust me.  They might. If you do what needs to be done.  What?  (yelling) How does it feel knowing those men all died so you could skip through the snow with your little savage girl?  I didn't.  I should have known better, trusting a traitor's bastard. QHORIN pushes Jon roughly, sending him tumbling down the side of the hill. The LORD OF BONES confronts QUORIN  He's not yours to kill, crow. The LORD OF BONES pushes QHORIN forward. YGRITTE pauses and looks sympathetically down the slope at JON, reconsidering him. JON sits up and looks back at her. BRONN and TYRION sit in his chambers. TYRION is attempting to read, but he is annoyed by BRONN's fingernail scraping with a compass. TYRION; Do you have to do that here?  I like to keep me hands clean.  Yes, but do you have to do it here? BRONN looks at TYRION, then throws the compass down on the desk in front of him.  You should start wearing the gold cloak.  I don't want to wear a gold cloak.  You're commander of the City Watch. You shouldn't be dressed like a common  A cloak slows you down in a fight. Makes it hard to move quietly. And the gold catches the light, so you're nice and easy to spot at night.  Well, you're not sneaking through alleyways any longer. You're supposed to stand out.  We had a deal and wearing a gold cloak wasn't part of it.  Fine, fine. No gold cloak. TYRION goes back to his work. BRONN sucks his teeth and drums his finger, continuing to look at TYRION.  What?  What?  What? What? Why are you staring at me?  (scoffs) You don't want me cleaning me nails. You don't want me looking your way. Why am I here?  To help me plan the defense of King's Landing. BRONN laughs as he stands up, and begins to pace around.  Stannis will be here any day. BRONN picks up a book from the pile as he walks past.  And one of these explains how to beat him? TYRION gestures to the volume that he is reading.  "An History of the Great Sieges of Westeros. " By Archmaester Shevelathin. Shevelatesh.  Chevalteesh. I'd swap all your books for a few good archers. VARYS enters.  My Lord Hand. Commander. I must compliment you on the gold cloaks' performance these last few weeks. Did you know there has been a marked drop in thievery? He sits.  I did not know. And how did you accomplish this marked drop in thievery?  Me and the lads rounded up all the known thieves.  For questioning?  No. It's just the unknown thieves we need to worry about now.  We talked about this.  Aye, we talked about it. Have you ever been in a city under siege? Maybe this part's not in your books. See, it's not the fighting that kills most people. It's the starving. Food's worth more than gold. Noble ladies sell their diamonds for a sack of potatoes. Things get bad enough, the poor start eating each other. BRONN sits back down at the table.  The thieves, they love a siege. Soon as the gates are sealed, they steal all the food. By the time it's all over, they're the richest men in town.  Given the circumstances, my lord, I believe extreme measures are warranted.  (nods)  Ah. "The Great Sieges of Westeros." Thrilling subject. Shame Archmaester Ch'Vyalthan wasn't a better writer. TYRION grabs a parchment and unrolls it.  Stannis knows King's Landing. He knows where the walls are strongest, and he knows which gates are weakest. The Mud Gate. A good ram will batter it down in minutes, and it's only 50 yards from the water. That's where he'll land.  And if Stannis does attack the Mud Gate, what is our plan?  We could throw books at his men.  We don't have that many books.  We don't have that many men, either.  What do we have?  Pig shit. The Night's Watch camps on the top of a cliff. The wind howls. GRENN, EDDISION TOLLETT and SAM dig in the snow.  (panting) I'm not cut out for this sort of work. SAM sits down to rest. The others continue to dig.  I always imagined meself doing something much worse.  We're digging latrine pits at the end of the world. I can't imagine anything much worse.  You lack imagination.  Where do you think Jon is right now?  He went off with the Halfhand. He didn't come back. A betting man would go with dead.  He's not dead. No, Jon's a great fighter.  Well, he's better than me and a lot better than you.  He's got a Valyrian steel sword.  So did his father.  And Qhorin Halfhand is the greatest ranger alive.  Great rangers never get old is the problem. Shit ones neither. It's them in the middle that last a long time. GRENN's shovel clangs against something metal.  What in seven hells is that? He plants his shovel and starts digging and clearing with his hands. SAM comes over to see. GRENN reveals a round stone cover, engraved with markings.  The First Men made these marks. Help me with it. GRENN lifts the cover and finds a bundle wrapped in a cloak.  Look.  If you find something you're not supposed to, best thing to do is pretend you've never seen it.  That's a Night's Watch cloak.  It's been here a long time. GRENN opens the bundle to reveal a set of obsidian knifes.  Oh. Must be dragonglass.  Dragonglass?  The maesters call it obsidian.  Why would a brother hide it here?  I expect it's 'cause he wanted somebody to find it. ARYA caries a yoke with two buckets of water. She bumps into a Lannister soldier, and the contraption falls, spilling her load.  Mind where you're going. The SOLDIER smacks her across the head. ARYA looks dejected and crouches to pick up the empty bucket. A SOLDIER stops next to her.  I'm sorry. I'll ARYA stands, and realized that it is JAQEN.  (annoyed) Where were you?  A man has patrol duty.  Tywin Lannister was right here, and now he's gone.  A girl owes one more name. The Red God demands it. Give the man a name.  How long after I give you the name does it take you to kill someone?  A minute, an hour, a month. Death is certain, the time is not. JAQEN puts down his helmet and sits.  He's taking his army to attack my brother. I need him dead right now.  This a man cannot do. He pours some water from a pitcher, and drinks.  You promised you'd help me.  Help was not promised, lovely girl. Only death. There must be others. Give a name, any name.  And you'll kill them? Anybody?  By the Seven New Gods and the Old Gods beyond counting, I swear it.  All right. Jaqen H'ghar. JAQEN considers.  A girl gives a man his own name?  That's right.  Gods are not mocked. This is no joking thing.  I'm not joking. A man can go kill himself.  Un-name me.  No.  Please?  I'll un-name you.  Thank you.  If you help me and my friends escape.  This would require more than one life. This is not part of our bargain.  Fine, Jaqen H'ghar.  A girl lacks honor. If I do this thing, a girl must obey.  A girl will obey.  A girl and her friends will walk through the gate at midnight. JAQEN exits. CERSEI'S CHAMBERS PODRICK pours wine for TYRION, who is seated at a table. CERSEI stands in the background.  Thank you, Podrick.  Odd little boy.  I have a certain sympathy for odd little boys.  You and Varys both. TYRION removes his napkin from his neck and wipes his face.  Excellent lamprey pie. Were you slaving away in the kitchen all day? I hear Joffrey plans on fighting. An inspiration for the troops. The young king in his shining armor fighting to defend the capital against the wicked old rebel.  He's only a boy.  Younger boys are off fighting his war.  He's not ready.  What is he, 17? Remember Jaime at 17?  Better than you. Some men have a gift for this sort of thing, some don't. His place is not on the battlefield.  It's not on the throne, either, sadly for all of us. PODRICK snickers.  Do you think I'm an idiot?  No, I'd say you possess above-average intelligence.  You shipped off my only daughter. And now you want to send my eldest son to the battlefield to die.  He'll have his Kingsguard protecting him. He has the finest armor gold can buy. He needs to be out there. The men will fight more fiercely seeing their king fighting beside them instead of hiding behind his mother's skirts. Any dessert?  Do you know why Varys is so dangerous?  Because he has thousands of spies in his employ. Because he knows everything we do before we do it.  Because he doesn't have a cock.  Neither do you.  Perhaps I'm dangerous, too. You, on the other hand, are as big a fool as every other man. That little worm between your legs does half your thinking.  It's not that little.  (laughs)  Why are you smiling?  Because I'm happy.  And why are you happy? She sits.  Because I have your little whore.  I thought you preferred blondes.  Such a droll little fellow. Tell me, have you married this one yet? No? Good. Father will be so pleased.  Why do you care who I fuck?  Because a Lannister always pays her debts. You stole my only daughter, you plot to have Joffrey killed.  This is madness. Stannis will be here in days. You need me.  For what? Your skill in battle? Pretty thing, your whore. Lovely body. The bruises will heal in time.  Where did you find her?  Varys isn't the only one who hears whispers. Really, a Lannister lion necklace? You need to hide your secret whores more carefully.  You've forgotten the most important thing about whores.  Oh? Well, you're the expert. Tell me.  You don't buy them, you only rent them.  You're usually a better liar, baby brother. This one you like. You like her very much. Could it be love? Don't worry, she'll be treated gently enough. Unless Joffrey is hurt. And then every wound he suffers, she'll suffer, too. And if he dies, there isn't a man alive who could devise a more painful death for your little cunt.  And how do I know you haven't killed her already?  Would you like to see her? I thought you might. Ser Mandon, bring in my brother's whore. MANDON moves behind her and opens the chamber door. TYRION looks worried. Two guards bring in ROS, rather than SHAE. TYRION looks her over.  I'm sorry they hurt you. You must be brave. TYRION takes her hand.  I promise I will free you.  Don't forget me.  Never. The guards take her away. CERSEI looks pleased.  I will hurt you for this. A day will come when you think you're safe and happy, and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth. And you will know the debt is paid.  Get out. TYRION walks through the hallway and bursts into his chambers.  Shae!  I've been waiting all night. What is wrong?  You're beautiful. SHAE smiles and kisses him.  Then why do you look sad? TYRION kneels before her.  We have to be more careful.  Don't be afraid. I can take care of myself.  There are people who want to hurt me.  I know. I won't let them. I'll cut off their faces. I will.  I would kill for you. Do you know that? I expect I'll have to before this is over. You're mine.  I'm yours.  Promise me.  I'm yours, and you are mine. They kiss. ROBB and ROOSE sit in conference.  Still no word?  We've sent a dozen ravens. None have returned. My bastard is only a few days from Winterfell. Once he captures the castle  Theon has my brothers. If we storm the castle  He wouldn't dare hurt the boys. They're his only hope of escaping the North with his head.  Send word to your son. Any ironborn who surrender will be allowed to return safely to their homes.  A touch of mercy is a virtue, Your Grace. Too much  Any ironborn with the exception of Theon Greyjoy. He betrayed our cause. He betrayed me. And we will hunt him down no matter where he runs.  I expect his countrymen will turn on him the minute they hear the offer. TALISA enters. They stand  Your pardon, my lord. Your Grace.  My lady. ROOSE exits.  How are you?  How am I? I've had to arrest my mother. The Lannisters have my sisters. The man I considered my closest friend has seized my home and my brothers. I'm fighting a war and I don't know if I should march south or north.  I'm sorry. It was a stupid question. I'm sorry.  No. Forgive me. You're being kind. I have no right.  You have every right. You're a king.  That's not the kind of king I want to be.  What kind do you want to be?  I don't know. The good kind. Most kings grew up as princes. They spend their whole lives preparing for the crown. I was raised to be Lord of Winterfell.  I was raised to be a proper little lady, to play the harp and dance the latest steps and recite Valyrian poetry.  I'd like to hear you play the harp.  No. No, you would not. They laugh. Robb pours some wine and hands it to her.  How did you go from reciting Valyrian poetry to sawing off men's feet?  When I was 12, my mother and father went to a wedding. Weddings in Volantis last for days, you know. And they left me with my little brother. The second afternoon they were gone was the hottest day in the three-year summer. We couldn't bear to be inside, so we ran down to the Rhoyne. Every child in Volantis was in the Rhoyne that day. The rich, the poor, we were all there. Naked, screaming, racing to the little islands. Drummers were playing for coppers on the east bank. I was treading water, talking to a friend, when I realized I hadn't seen my brother. I called his name. Then I started screaming his name. And then I saw him floating face down. My heart just stopped. I was I dragged him from the water. My friend helped me, I think. I don't even remember. He was so little. Then we pulled him onto the riverbank. And I screamed at him and I shook him. And he was dead. Just dead. A man ran over. He had a fish tattoo on his face. In Volantis, the slaves have tattoos. So you know what they are without having to talk to them. And this man worked on a fishing boat. And he pushed me out of the way. You have to understand, for a slave to push a highborn girl, that's death for the man, a terrible death. But he pushed me out of the way, and he started pressing on my brother's chest again and again and again, until my brother spat out half of the Rhoyne and cried out. And the man cradled his head and told him to be calm. I decided two things that day. I would not waste my years planning dances and masquerades with the other noble ladies. And when I came of age, I would never live in a slave city again. I'm sorry, Your Grace. You told me of your problems and I've blathered on. They both stand.  I don't want to marry the Frey girl.  I don't want you to marry her.  But you needed that bridge. I hope it's a very beautiful bridge. They kiss passionately, and undress one another in a fury. They make love on the floor. The courtyard at night.  The sour cherries was all crushed up and ready.  Shut up.  Probably in the piecrust by now. In the oven. The nice, warm oven.  Shut up. What did you bring?  The cheese could be better. I did get some nice sausages. GENDRY What did he want us to do about those guards?  He didn't say. He just said, "Walk through the gates."  What about the guards?  He didn't say anything about the guards.  What, he left that bit out? It's a pretty important part, don't you think?  We have to trust him.  Trust him? You trusted him to fight with us when you set him free and he ran.  I want to go back to the kitchens.  Shut up. Stay here if you're afraid. ARYA gets up and walks towards the gate.  Arry, don't. GENDRY and HOT PIE follow. When they reach the guards, they realize that all have been slaughtered. They walk through the gate. Soldiers fire a large crossbow in the night.  Away! Reset! DAVOS and STANNIS stand on deck.  If the wind holds, we'll reach King's Landing in a day.  Will it hold?  Can't make promises for the wind, Your Grace. They walk down some steps to the main deck and continue on.  Again, pull!  I admire you, Ser Davos.  I thank you, Your Grace.  Pleased to hear it. Some highborn fools call you Onion Knight and think they insult you. So you take the onion for your sigil, sew it on your coat, fly the onion flag.  My son wishes me to change it. Three mermen with tridents, something like that. I understand why the older families look down at me.  Do you? Why?  My father was a crabber.  And?  Well, sons of lords don't like to break bread with sons of crabbers. Our hands stink.  And where were those lords when Storm's End starved?  Many fought bravely for your brother. Many fought for the Mad King.  You defend these men who insult you behind your back.  Some are happy to do it to my face.  We were forgotten. Robert and Ned Stark, they were the heroes. The glorious rebels marching from battle to battle, liberating towns from the yoke of the Mad King, while I held Storm's End with 500 men.  No one has forgotten, Your Grace.  No? Robert did. He gave Storm's End to Renly after the war. Renly never fought a day in his life.  He was only a boy.  Then why'd he give him Storm's End?  (exhales)  First, we ate the horses. We weren't riding anywhere, not with the castle surrounded. We couldn't feed them, so fine, the horses. Then the cats. Never liked cats. So fine. I do like dogs. Good animals. Loyal. But we ate them. Then the rats. The night before you slipped through, I thought my wife was dying. She couldn't speak anymore, she was so frail. And then you made it through the lines. Slipped right through in your little black sailboat with your onions.  And potatoes. Some salted beef, I believe.  Every man in Storm's End wanted to kiss you that night.  I was relieved they did not.  Robert told me to hold Storm's End, so I held it. Then he told me he was giving it to Renly, so I gave it up. Insult or no, I gave it up. Because Robert was my older brother, and he was the king and I've always done my duty. But now, I'm the rightful king by every law of Westeros. And when I sit the Iron Throne, you'll be my Hand.  Your Grace, I pray I serve you well.  I expect you'll be the first crabber's son to wear the badge. JOFFREY, VARYS and TYRION walk through the streets of King's Landing  You're the Master of Whisperers. You're supposed to know everything.  No man can be in all rooms at all times. I have many little birds in the North, my lord, but I haven't heard their songs since Theon Greyjoy captured Winterfell.  The Stark forces are distracted. Now is the time to strike.  To strike? My dear nephew, you do see these men preparing the walls for siege? You do understand Stannis Baratheon sails this way?  If my Uncle Stannis lands on the shores of King's Landing, I'll ride out to greet him.  A brave choice, Your Grace. I'm sure your men will line up behind you.  They say Stannis never smiles. I'll give him a red smile from ear to ear. JOFFREY exits.  Imagine Stannis' terror.  I am trying.  You're an intelligent man. I'd like to think I'm an intelligent man.  Oh, no one disputes that, my lord, not even the multitudes who despise you.  I wish we could converse as two honest, intelligent men.  I wish we could, too.  What do you want? Tell me.  If we're going to play, you'll have to start.  My brother was the youngest Kingsguard in history. My sister became queen at the age of 19. When I reached manhood, my father put me in charge of all the drains and cisterns in Casterly Rock.  A most highborn plumber.  The water never flowed better. And all the shit found its way to the sea. I never expected to have any real power. So when my father named me acting Hand  You're quite good at being Hand, you know? Jon Arryn and Ned Stark were good men. Honorable men. But they disdained the game and those who played. - You enjoy the game.  I do. Last thing I expected.  And you play it well.  I'd like to keep playing it. If Stannis breaches the gates, the game is over.  They say he burns his enemies alive to honor the Lord of Light.  The Lord of Light wants his enemies burned, the Drowned God wants them drowned. Why are all the gods such vicious cunts? Where is the god of tits and wine?  In the Summer Isles, they worship a fertility goddess with 16 teats.  We should sail there immediately.  This morning, I heard a song all the way from Qarth beyond the Red Waste. Daenerys Targaryen lives.  A girl at the edge of the world is the least of our problems.  She has three dragons. But even if what they say is true, it'll be years before they are fully grown. And then there will be nowhere to hide.  One game at a time, my friend. DAENERYS peers through a boarded entryway  Careful, Khaleesi. Xaro owns this city and the warlocks have a thousand eyes watching for you. I found one. A ship with a good captain. She leaves for Astapor tomorrow.  Astapor?  We cannot stay here.  They have my dragons. A mother does not flee without her children.  They're not your children. I know they call you the Mother of Dragons and I know you love them, but you didn't grow them in your womb. They didn't suckle at your breast. They are dragons, Khaleesi. And if we stay in Qarth, we'll die.  You should sail to Astapor. I'm sure you'll be safe there.  You know I would die for you. I will never abandon you. I'm sworn to protect you, to serve.  Then serve me. If my dragons are in the House of the Undying, then take me there.  That's what the warlock wants. He told you so himself. If you enter that place, you will never leave again. His magic is strong.  And what of my magic? You saw me step into the fire. You watched the witch burn. What did the flames do to me? Do you remember?  Until my last breath, I will remember. After I have forgotten my mother's face. DAENERYS touches JORAH's face.  They are my children. And they are the only children I will ever have. Take me to them.  (nods)  We should bury them.  I'd leave 'em up a few more days. Sends a message.  If they haven't got the damn message yet, a few more days won't help. As you say. But it don't hurt to let 'em rot a while longer.  What's this?  Gold for the farmer. For his trouble.  His troubles are done. He's feeding the crops now. LUWIN approaches and exchanges a glance with OSHA. She ducks into an entryway. LUWIN looks at THEON and DAGMER.  His wife, too. You want to keep a man silent, you silence him. LUWIN walks over to look at the burned bodies of BRAN and RICKON. OSHA lights a candle.  Got as far as the farm and then doubled back. Walked through the stream to throw off the hounds. Hoped this would be the last place they'd think to look.  You're right so far.  Who was that out there hung up at the gates?  Must have been the farmer's boys.  He killed them and burned them and passed them off as the little lords?  They mustn't know. Bran would blame himself.  They'll never hear it from me. The little lads have suffered enough. BRAN sits just out of sight, having heard everything. HODOR and RICKON sleep. STANNIS's fleet sails through the night. DAVOS walks the deck, and looks out the stern at the rest of the ships.  That's it. The tide's against us.  Aye, but we have the wind. She'll blow us straight to the gates.  You're coming home.  King's Landing hasn't been home for 20 years. I spent most of my life dodging the royal fleet. And now I'm sailing right at them.  This is the royal fleet. And you're not a smuggler anymore, you're the high captain.  Of course, there are several royal fleets at the moment.  Not after tonight. When the sun rises, Stannis will sit on the Iron Throne and you will be his Hand.  Gods be good.  God. Father, there is only one and he watches over us.  But not over them?  Over all of us. The people of King's Landing did not choose the false king, Joffrey Baratheon. They will be glad to see his head on a spike.  Well, first, we have to put it there.  Our ships outnumber theirs 10-to-1.  Our army outnumber theirs 5-to-1. Those walls have never been breached, and the men guarding the walls, when they see you, they don't see a liberator, they see a stranger come to set their city on fire.  I have faith in the Lord of Light. I have faith in our cause. And I have faith in my captain. TYRION and SHAE lie in bed in his chambers.  Are you afraid, my lion?  If the city falls, Stannis will burn every Lannister he can find. Of course I'm afraid.  I won't let them hurt you.  I'm a Lannister. I don't have a choice in all this. But it's not your war. SHAE sits astride him.  It is now.  You can't fuck your way out of everything.  I have so far. Do you remember what you said when you met me in your tent? That I should make love to you like it was your last day on this earth. They kiss. CERSEI looks out her window.  As you know, Your Grace, it is not only the sworn duty of a maester to carry out the wishes of the house he serves, but also to offer guidance and counsel in times of war.  Your words are always wise and measured.  If you could - If anything, a maester's duties become more urgent in times of war and turmoil. I remember back in the days of King  You brought me something?  Yes. Essence of nightshade is as dangerous as it is efficacious. A single drop in a cup of wine suffices to soothe ragged nerves. Three drops will bring on a deep and dreamless sleep. Ten drops, however  I know what ten drops will bring.  Your Grace, if I may ask  You may not. You must have a lot of work to do. I'm sure many brave men will need your wisdom soon.  Yes. A siege is very  Be careful on the stairs, Grand Maester. There are so many.  Your Grace. BRONN and the soldiers of King's Landing are drinking and singing, with some prostitutes mingling among them. BRONN has his arm around a prostitute.  (singing) And so he spoke That Lord of Castamere But now the rains weep o'er his halls With no one there to hear Yes, now the rains weep o'er his halls And not a soul to hear -  To the boys!   Lannisters! Where'd you learn the Lannister song?  Drunk Lannisters. The soldiers laugh.  You've got a pretty voice.  Thank you very much.  And I like your nose. How many times you break it? BRONN pulls her to stand in front of him.  Well, now let's see. First time, I was five. My mam smacked me with an iron poker.  Oh.  It wasn't me she was aiming at. She was trying for my little brother. Now he was a real pest. BRONN start to undress her.  Second time, I was nine. Got in a scrap with a few older boys. They won. Third time The prostitute is fully naked, and BRONN's thoughts are going elsewhere.  Eh, you don't want to know about the third time. She sits on his lap and kisses his nose.  Poor nose.  Don't feel sorry for him. He'll be halfway up your arse before the night's through. The men laugh. The HOUND and a soldier enter.  Welcome, friends. This round's on me. The HOUND and his companion stand in front of a table. The two men sitting there vacate if for them, silently. They sit down. The HOUND drinks from the mug sitting there.  (whispering) I don't think he likes me.  You think you're a hard man?  I know it. The men laugh.  It's warm in here. We've got beautiful women and good brown ale. Plenty for everyone. And all you want is to put one of us in the cold ground with no women to keep us company.  Oh, there's women in the ground. I put some there myself. So have you. You like fucking and drinking and singing. But killing, killing's the thing you love. You're just like me. He stands and walks towards BRONN.  Only smaller.  And quicker. Eh?  Your Lord Imp's going to miss you. BRONN pats the prostitute on the knee, and she gets off his lap. He stands to face the HOUND.  Aye I expect he will someday. He reaches behind him to a dagger sheathed at his waist. A bell tolls. The soldiers get up and leave.  Here we are.  One more drink before the war? Shall we? The HOUND backs off. They both exit. VARYS stands by the window while PODRICK helps to dress TYRION in his armor.  I've always hated the bells. They ring for horror. A dead king, a city under siege.  A wedding.  Exactly. Podrick, is that it?  "Is that it?" Nice touch. As if you don't know the name of every boy in town.  I'm not entirely sure what you're suggesting.  I'm entirely sure you're entirely sure what I'm suggesting.  Do you trust him?  Oddly enough, I do.  Good. VARYS unfolds a map before them.  The map you asked for. TYRION steps down to study the map. PODRICK continues to dress him.  There must be 20 miles of tunnels beneath the city.  Closer to 50. The Targaryens built this city to withstand a siege and to provide escape if necessary.  I'm not escaping. Strange as it sounds, I'm the captain of the ship, and if the ship goes down, I go with her.  That is good to hear. Though I'm sure many captains say the same while their ship is afloat. You look well suited for battle, my lord.  Well, I'm not.  For all our sakes, I hope you are wrong. My little birds tell me that Stannis Baratheon has taken up with a red priestess from Asshai.  What of it?  You don't believe in the old powers, my lord?  Blood spells, curses, shape-shifting. What do you think?  I think you believe in what you see and in what those you trust have seen. You probably don't entirely trust me.  Mmm, don't take it personally. I don't entirely trust myself.  And yet I have seen things and heard things, things you have not, things I wish I had not. I don't believe I've ever told you how I was cut.  No, I don't believe you have.  One day, I will. The dark arts have provided Lord Stannis with his armies and paved his path to our door. For a man in service to such powers to sit on the Iron Throne, I can think of nothing worse. And tonight, I believe you are the only man who can stop him. PODRICK hands TYRION his war axe.  They're welcoming the new king.  I've never known bells to mean surrender. They want to play music with us? Let's play. Drums.  Drums! Soldiers start to play the drums. The soldiers spring to action, readying for battle. STANNIS watches, resolute.  Remember, wait till the ships  The ships are in the bay.  They must be far enough in  I know what "in" means. Do you know how to use that?  I chopped wood once. No, I watched my brother chopping wood.  I saw you kill a man with a shield. You'll be unstoppable with an ax. They clasp hands.  Don't get killed.  Nor you, my friend.  Oh, are we friends now?  Of course we are. Just because I pay you for your services doesn't diminish our friendship.  Enhances it, really.  Oh! "Enhances." Fancy word for a sellsword.  Been spending time with fancy folks. BRONN exits. SANSA and SHAE enter.  Lady Sansa and Sheila.  Shae.  Shae, yes. Surely my sister has asked you to join the other highborn ladies in Maegor's holdfast.  She has, my lord, but King Joffrey sent for me to see him off. JOFFREY and the HOUND enter.  Sansa.  Always been a great romantic, my nephew.  Sansa, come here.  I will pray for your safe return, my lord.  Will you?  Just as I pray for the king's. SANSA walks away.  Stay safe, my lady.  And you, my lion. PODRICK and TYRION exit  Your king rides forth to battle. You should see him off with a kiss. He draws his sword and presents it.  My new blade. Hearteater, I've named it. Kiss it. SANSA leans down and kissed the blade.  You'll kiss it again when I return and taste my uncle's blood.  Will you slay him yourself?  If Stannis is fool enough to come near me.  So you'll be outside the gates fighting in the vanguard?  A king doesn't discuss battle plans with stupid girls.  I'm sorry, Your Grace. You're right, I'm stupid. Of course you'll be in the vanguard. They say my brother Robb always goes where the fighting is thickest. And he is only a pretender.  Your brother's turn will come. Then you can lick his blood off Hearteater, too. JOFFREY and the HOUND exit  Some of those boys will never come back.  Joffrey will. The worst ones always live.  Shh. Come, my lady. The soldiers buzz with activity. JOFFREY enters, along with TYRION, the HOUND and LANCEL. A horse gallops through, and some townsfolks scurry past. They climb the stairs to the top of the exterior wall all look out into the empty harbor.  Where's our fleet?  On the way.  Why isn't it here now? They're coming. TYRION does not answer.  Hound, tell the Hand that his king has asked him a question.  The king has asked you a question.  Ser Lancel, tell the Hound to tell the king that the Hand is extremely busy. LANCEL: The Hand of the King would like me to tell you to tell the king-  If I tell the Hound to cut you in half, he'll do it without a second thought.  That would make me the quarterman. It just doesn't have the same ring to it. Cut me in half and I won't be able to give the signal. No signal, no plan. No plan and Stannis Baratheon sacks this city, takes the Iron Throne, puts your pinched little head atop a gate somewhere. It might be quite amusing, except that my head would be up there, too. I've never much liked my head, but I don't want to see it removed just yet.  Where are their ships?  It was wise to attack at night. We took them by surprise.  Lord Varys knows what you had for breakfast three days ago. There are no surprises here.  If it's true there is dissension in their ranks, maybe their sailors have mutinied.  Maybe. CERSEI and TOMMEN join the highborn ladies. They walk past SHAE and SANSA.  I don't know why she wants me here. She's always saying how stupid I am. She hates me.  Maybe she hates you less than she hates everyone else.  I doubt it.  Maybe she's jealous of you.  Why would she be jealous?  Sansa. SANSA gets up and walks over to her.  I was wondering where our little dove had flown. You look pale, child. Is your red flower still blooming?  Yes.  Fitting, isn't it? The men will bleed out there and you will bleed in here. Pour Lady Sansa some wine. A servant pours the wine. CERSEI hands it to SANSA.  I'm not thirsty, Your Grace.  So? I didn't offer you water. What's he doing here?  Ser llyn? He's here to defend us. When the axes smash down those doors, you may be glad to have him.  But we have guards to defend us.  Guards we have paid. Should the city fall, they'll be the first ones out of the doors. A door opens and a gold cloak walks in. He bows to CERSEI.  The lads caught a groom and two maids trying to sneak away with a stolen horse and some gold cups.  The battle's first traitors. Have Ser llyn see to them. Put their heads on spikes outside the stables as a warning. He bows and moves to ILYN PAYNE, then exits the chamber.  The only way to keep the small folk loyal is to make certain they fear you more than they do the enemy. Remember that if you ever hope to become a queen.  You said he was here to protect us.  He is. Traitors are a danger to us all. More wine. TYRION, JOFFREY, the HOUND and LANCEL look out across the foggy sea.  There they are.  Archers to their marks.  Archers, to your marks! The archers set their bows.  Archers! Nock your arrows!  Nock arrows!  Hold fast.  Hold fast!  What are you doing? We need to attack them.  Hold fast.  Boulders ready!  Hold fast! There is but one ship sailing out of the harbor.  There's only one ship. Where are the rest of them? Where are the rest of them? MATTHOS and DAVOS watch the lone ship approaching  There's only one ship.  Archers, stand to! Man the below! - Nock. The soldiers get set.  Nock and set!  Draw! Hold.  Hold. They watch the ship sail by. It is unmanned.  (confused) There's no one on board.  More rocks coming up! HAYLENE climbs the stairs. TYRION looks back at him. HAYLENE lights a torch and hands it to TYRION.  Hold. As the empty ship sails past, DAVOS sees that it is spewing green liquid into the sea behind it  Wildfire. Steer clear! Steer clear! TYRION throws the torch over the side of the wall. BRONN gets the signal, lights his arrow ablaze and launches it high into the sky.  Matthos! Get down! A huge explosion. The ghost ship explodes ferociously, overwhelming MATTHOS and many other soldiers. STANNIS recoils from the blast JOFFREY shields his eyes from the blast. HAYLENE seems pleased. The HOUND is resolute. BRONN watches the explosions. TYRION, PODRICK, the HOUND and JOFFREY watch. HAYLENE smiles. TYRION is horrified. STANNIS's ship is unharmed. He gets to his feet and surveys the massive destruction. Men scream, masts collapse.  Prepare to land.  Your Grace.  The dwarf has played his little trick.  The wildfire.  He can only play it once.  We're too far from the gates. The fire, their archers Hundreds will die.  Thousands. STANNIS descends from the upper deck and addresses his troops.  Come with me and take this city! The men yell in agreement. CERSEI is a bit drunk, and still drinking wine.  Sansa, come here, little dove.  My queen. What are you doing? Praying.  You're perfect, aren't you?  Praying.  What are you praying for?  For the gods to have mercy on us all.  Oh. On all of us?  Yes, Your Grace.  Even me?  Of course, Your Grace.  Even Joffrey?  Joffrey is my  Oh, shut up, you little fool. Praying to the gods to have mercy on us all. The gods have no mercy. That's why they're gods. My father told me that when he caught me praying. My mother had just died, you see. I didn't really understand the concept of death, the finality of it. I thought that if I prayed very, very hard, the gods would return my mother to me. I was four.  Your father doesn't believe in the gods?  He believes in them, he just doesn't like them very much. CERSEI holds out a glass for her servant to fill.  One for her. The servant pours the wine. She hands it to SANSA.  Here. Sit. Drink. SANSA sits and takes a sip of wine.  Not like that. Drink, girl. SANSA takes a bigger gulp.  I should have been born a man. I'd rather face a thousand swords than be shut up inside with this flock of frightened hens.  They are your guests under your protection. You asked them here.  It was expected of me, as it will be of you if you ever become Joffrey's queen. If my wretched brother should somehow prevail, these hens will return to their cocks and crow of how my courage inspired them, lifted their spirits.  And if the city should fall?  You'd like that, wouldn't you? The Red Keep should hold for a time, long enough for me to go to the walls and yield to Lord Stannis in person. If it were anyone else outside those gates, I might have hoped for a private audience, but this is Stannis Baratheon. I'd have a better chance of seducing his horse. SANSA is speechless.  Have I shocked you, little dove? Tears aren't a woman's only weapon. The best one's between your legs. Learn how to use it. Drink. They both drink.  Do you have any notion of what happens when a city is sacked? No, you wouldn't, would you? If the city falls, these fine women should be in for a bit of a rape. Half of them will have bastards in their bellies come the morning. You'll be glad of your red flower then. When a man's blood is up, anything with tits looks good. A precious thing like you will look very, very good. A slice of cake just waiting to be eaten. CERSEI takes a drink, and SANSA joins her, panicking. Landing boats from the ships row towards the shore.  More pressure! Pull! Pull! That's it, men! Pull! Pull!  He's a serious man, Stannis Baratheon.  They're coming. They're coming ashore.  Rain fire on them.  Archers!  There are too many.  Hound, form a welcome party for any Baratheon troop that manages to touch solid ground. Pod, run to the King's Gate. Bring any men guarding it here, now.  Yes, my lord.  Let's go. Stannis is sending us fresh meat. You, too. The HOUND punches LANCEL in chest as he walks past. LANCEL is stunned.  Any of these flaming fucking arrows come near me, I'll strangle you with your own guts.  Pull, pull! Go! The archers prepare to fire.  Nock! Draw!  Draw! Draw! STANNIS's men have reached the shore.  Kill the Lannisters!  Loose! - Loose! The archers let their flaming arrows fly. The arrows land as the soldiers rush from the boats to the shore.  Form the line! The arrow land. Some hit there mark. Some Baratheon men fall while others pour ashore.  Draw! Draw! Loose! Loose! The archers release more salvos. STANNIS's forces take heavy casualties, but they do not give up. Yelling, the first of them make it to base of the harbor wall. Above them, Lannister forces drop rocks, which crush the skulls of the unlucky. STANNIS himself gets sprayed with the blood of his bludgeoned soldier. They place their shields above their heads.  To the Mud Gate, go now!  First and second squads, to the gate! To the Mud Gate! The HOUND leads a charge of Lannister men.  Any man dies with a clean sword, I'll rape his fucking corpse. He and LANCEL engage with the sieging forces. They each cut down a number of Baratheon men before LANCEL is struck in the chest by an arrow. He stumbles and screams. Panting, he retreats.  You were Robert's queen.  And you will be Joffrey's. Enjoy. I don't think I know this one. CERSEI walks over to SHAE.  Pretty. SHAE rises and curties.  That's the worst curtsy I've ever seen. Here, it's not difficult. I mastered it when I was four. Straighten your back and bend. CERSEI demonstrates and SHAE mimics her.  Better. You learn fast. How long have you been in Lady Sansa's service?  A few weeks, Your Grace. CERSEI sits, still a bit drunk.  When did you leave Lorath? SHAE is confused.  I had a Lorathi handmaiden once.  (smiles)  But she was a nobleman's daughter. You're not. When did you come to Westeros?  Ten years ago, Your Grace.  From Lorathi commoner to the Red Keep in 10 years, all without learning how to curtsy. I imagine that's a very interesting story. What's your name?  Shae, Your Grace.  Tell us a story, Shae.  When I was 13, I A door opens. LANCEL stumbles in past the guards.  Your Grace!  What news?  The Imp has set the river afire. Hundreds of ships are burning, maybe more. Stannis' fleet destroyed, but But But his troops have landed outside the city walls.  Where is Joffrey?  On the battlements with Lord Tyrion.  Bring him back inside at once.  Your Grace  What?  The king's presence is good for morale.  Bring him back to his chambers now.  Not here?  With the women and children? Do you want him to be mocked as a coward for the rest of his life?  No, but I  Now! LANCEL exits. CERSEI sits, requesting more wine. She turns to SANSA.  When I told you about Ser llyn earlier, I lied. Do you want to hear the truth? You want to know why he's really here? He's here for us. Stannis may take the city, he may take the throne, but he will not take us alive. SANSA looks at ILYN PAYNE. The HOUND decimates his foes as the chaos of battle continues. Both sides take brutal casualties. A flaming man runs screaming towards the HOUND, who is frozen by the horror of the sight. An arrow takes down his assailant. The HOUND looks up to see that he has BRONN to thank.  Help me! BRONN quickly dispatches some more Baratheon men with his knife. The HOUND is in a bit of a daze, overwhelmed by the fires, reliving his own trauma. He turns and re-enters the gates. Many of the Lannister forces follow.  Fall back! Fall back! Stannis continues to be trapped under his shield at the base of the wall.  Get the ladders up! His forces bring ladders to the wall. They set them, and STANNIS begins to climb, dodging rocks. He makes it to the top and engages with the Lannister forces atop the wall.  Faster, you bastards! Faster! Come on, kill the scum! The HOUND is still in a daze.  Someone bring me a drink. A soldier hands him a skin. He drinks and spits it out.  Fuck the water. Bring me wine. Another soldier gives him wine, and he drinks deeply. He shuffles though the courtyard, passing TYRION  Can I get you some iced milk and a nice bowl of raspberries, too?  Eat shit, dwarf.  You're on the wrong side of the wall.  I lost half my men. The Blackwater's on fire.  Dog, I command you to go back out there and fight. The HOUND looks down, defeated.  You're Kingsguard, Clegane. You must beat them back or they're going to take this city. Your king's city.  Fuck the Kingsguard. Fuck the city. Fuck the king. The HOUND exits. More boats come ashore. The soldiers overturn the boat to use it as protection from the arrows.  Loose!  Put your backs into it!  All right, get up!  Loose!  Clear!  Forward!  Loose! While the overturned boat makes slow progress, another group of men with a battering ram overtakes them and reaches the wall.  Forward ladders! Another ladder is raised against the wall. The boat is placed over the ram. Meanwhile, men are crushed by thrown rocks.  Heave! Heave! LANCEL runs to join the royal group.  Your Grace, the queen has sent me to bring you back to the Red Keep.  If you won't defend your own city, why should they?  What would you have me do?  Lead. Get down there and lead your people against the invaders who want to kill them.  What did my mother say exactly? Did she have urgent business with me?  She did not say, Your Grace. JOFFREY hesistates.  All men to the battlements!  Ser Boros, Ser Mandon, stay with my uncle and represent the king on the field of battle.  (nods)  Archers, hold your line or I'll kill you myself. JOFFREY and LANCEL exit. A bundle of stones is mismanaged at the top of the wall, and it comes crashing down.  Stand fast!  No! Get up, you fool.  We need more arrows! The Lannister men gather in the courtyard, looking for direction.  Where is the king? Why isn't he with us?  Who are we fighting for?  Who leads us? PODRICK ascends the stairs to TYRION  I'll lead the attack. I'll lead the attack!  Yes.  What are you talking about?  Pod, my helmet. Ser Mandon, you will bear the king's banner. Men, form up. Men Men! They say I'm half a man. But what does that make the lot of you?  The only way out is through the gates. And they're at the gates.  There's another way out. I'm going to show you. We'll come out behind them and fuck them in their arses. The battering ram pounds relentlessly into the wooden door.  Heave! Heave!  Don't fight for your king and don't fight for his kingdoms. Don't fight for honor. Don't fight for glory. Don't fight for riches, because you won't get any. This is your city Stannis means to sack. That's your gate he's ramming. If he gets in, it will be your houses he burns, your gold he steals, your women he will rape. The battering ram is making progress.  Heave! Heave! Heave!  Those are brave men knocking at our door. Let's go kill them. The Lannister forces raise their swords and shout in support. TYRION strides off, and they follow. CERSEI and TOMMEN sit. LANCEL reports.  The battle is lost, Your Grace. Stannis' troops are at the gates. When the gold cloaks saw the king leaving, they lost all heart.  Where is my son?  I want to escort him back to the battle.  Why do I care what you want? Bring me  Now listen to me Enraged, CERSEI leaps up and stabs LANCEL, who falls to ground, writhing and screaming in pain. She walks over him, and exits with LANCEL. The women begin to panic.  Don't be afraid. The queen has raised the drawbridge. This is the safest place we can be. Joffrey's not hurt. He's fighting bravely. His knights have rallied behind him. They will save the city. Shall we sing a hymn? Gentle mother, fount of mercy...  Save our sons from war, we pray SHAE grabs SANSA from behind, startling her.  You must go. Run to your chamber and bar your door. Stannis won't hurt you. This one will. SHAE indicates ILYN PAYNE, who stands guard.  Come with me.  I need to say goodbye to someone.  The queen said they'd rape everyone.  No one is raping me. SHAE reveals a dagger bound her her calf, beneath he dress.  Go. Run. SANSA turns and exits qucikly. SANSA moves fleetly through the corridor. She enters her chambers and bolts the door. She picks up a doll.  The lady is starting to panic. She turns around in fright to find the HOUND sitting quietly in the corner.  What are you doing here?  Not here for long. I'm going.  Where?  Someplace that isn't burning. North, might be. Could be.  What about the king?  He can die just fine on his own. The HOUND takes a drink.  I can take you with me. Take you to Winterfell. The HOUND stands.  I'll keep you safe. Do you want to go home?  I'll be safe here. Stannis won't hurt me. The HOUND stumbles forward. SANSA whispers.  Look at me. Stannis is a killer. The Lannisters are killers. Your father was a killer. Your brother is a killer. Your sons will be killers someday. The world is built by killers. So you'd better get used to looking at them.  You won't hurt me.  No, little bird, I won't hurt you. The HOUND turns and unlocks the door. SANSA considers whether to join him. TYRION uses his axe to remove the chain from the sewer's gate. He steps out onto the shore and the Lannister men follow quietly. The battle rages. The ram has made further progress. Flaming arrows still rain down.  Heave!  Come on, you bastards! Get up those ladders! TYRION comes up behind the man and slices his ankle wide open. He falls and Tyrion lands another heavy blow, blood spurting. He then rallies his men forward, coming behind the Baratheon forces.  Attack! Their surprise attack is successful, and they quickly dispatch the vulnerable men.  Roll it over! They overturn the boat, and someone above drops a torch inside to set it aflame. They all celebrate with a resounding cheer.  Halfman! Halfman! Halfman! TYRION turns around to see a host of soldiers coming upon them from the short. The battle begins again.  Oh, fuck me. STANNIS continues to wage brutal war agains the Lannister men atop the wall TYRION battles a soldier with a mace. The soldier gains the advantage, but is then tackled by one of TYRION's men. He smiles, while a Baratheon knight notices him and walks forward. He swings his sword at TYRION, and slices open his cheek. TYRION reels. Suddenly, a spear pierces the knight's face. He falls to reveal PODRICK wielding the fatal weapon. TYRION goes into shock, and PODRICK catches him CERSEI and TOMMEN sit in the dark on the iron throne.  Shh! Be calm, my sweet.  They're still fighting.  No one's going to hurt you. I'll tell you a story. You know the one about the mother lion and her little cub? They lived in the woods.  The Kingswood?  Yes, my love. In the Kingswood, there lived a mother and her cub. She loved him very much. But there were other things that lived in the woods. Evil things.  Like what?  Like stags.  Stags aren't evil. They only eat grass.  And wolves. PODRICK holds TYRION, who remains in shock.  My lord. Another wave of soldiers approaches from the shore. Some are mounted.  He could hear them howling in the night. The little cub was frightened. His mother said, "You are a lion, my son. You mustn't be afraid. Stannis looks down from his perch. The mounted soldiers attack.  "For one day, all the beasts will bow to you. "You will be king. "All the stags will bow. All the wolves will bow. "The bears in the north and the foxes of the south, "all the birds in the sky and the beasts in the sea, "they will all come to you, little lion, "to rest a crown upon your head. The battle rages. The mounted soldiers have the advantage.  " And the cub said, "Will I be strong and fierce like my father?" CERSEI uncorks the vial she holds.  "Yes," said his mother. "You will be strong and fierce just like your father. TYRION passes out CERSEI presents the vial for TOMMEN to drink.  " I will keep you safe, my love. I promise you. The chamber door burst open and CERSEI and TOMMEN stand. Soldiers march in. LORAS TYRELL takes off his helmet. The Baratheon forces are in retreat.  Back to the boats!  Stand and fight! Stand and fight, damn you! Men grab STANNIS and restrain him.  No! TYWIN enters  Father. She drops the vial, spilling its deadly contents. The vial shatters.  The battle is over. We have won.  (cries) The Hound and another man grunt as they duel. Men and women look on from nearby. The Hound knocks the other mans shield away, and knocks the man off of a wall. The camera pans up from the man to where Joffrey stands in a tent, watching.  (Quietly) Well struck (Louder) Well struck, Dog. The Hound removes his helmet. Joffrey turns to Sansa.  Did you like that?  It was well struck, Your Grace.  I already said it was well struck.  Yes, Your Grace. Two men drag the man away, leaving behind a trail of blood. A boy walks over to clean up the blood.  Who's next?  Lothor Brune, freerider in the service of Lord Baelish. The announcer gestures to a man, who then walks over.  Ser Dontos the Red of House Hollard. The announcer gestures in the opposite direction, but no one comes forward.  (Yells) Ser Dontos the Red of House Hollard!  Here I am. (Walking down some stairs, awkwardly clutching his helmet and weapon). Here I am. (Drops his helmet). Sorry, Your Grace. (Puts his helmet on backwards). My deepest apologies. (Puts his helmet on correctly).  Are you drunk? Ser Dontos takes off his helmet.  No. Uh, no, Your Grace. I had - I had two cups of wine.  Two cups? (Dontos nods). That's not much at all. (Joffrey gestures to some wine). Please, have another cup.  Are you sure, Your Grace?  Yes, to celebrate my name day. (Smiles) Have two, have as much as you like.  I would be honored, Your Grace. Ser Dontos bows to Joffrey. Joffrey looks over to Ser Meryn.  Ser Meryn, help Ser Dontos celebrate my name day. See that he drinks his fill. Ser Meryn and two other kingsguard grab Ser Dontos. They bring him into a more open area nearby. Ser Dontos is forced on his knees. One kingsguard keeps Ser Dontos down. Ser Meryn and the other kingsguard get a funnel and a barrel of wine. Ser Meryn forces the funnel into Ser Dontoss mouth. The kingsguard with the barrel begins pouring the wine down the funnel. Ser Dontos begins gurgling and struggles a little bit.  You can't!  What did you say? Did you say I can't?  I only meant it would be bad luck to kill a man on your name day.  What kind of stupid peasant's superstition...  The girl is right. What a man sows on his name day, he reaps all year.  (Sighs). Take him away. I'll have him killed tomorrow, the fool. The barrel and funnel are removed, and Ser Dontos is released. He pukes out a mixture of blood and wine onto the ground.  He is. A fool - you're so clever to see it. He'll make a much better fool than a knight. He doesn't deserve the mercy of a quick death.  Did you hear My Lady, Ser Dontos? (Ser Dontos is forced onto his feet). From this day, (Standing up), you'll be my new fool.  Thank you, Your Grace. (Bows). And you, My Lady, thank you. Ser Dontos is taken away by kingsguard.  Beloved nephew. Tyrion, Bronn, and a number of hill tribesman appear from the right. People murmur and look their way.  We looked for you on the battlefield. (Joffrey sits down). You were nowhere to be found. Tyrion begins to pour himself a glass of wine.  I've been here, ruling the kingdoms.  What a fine job you've done. (Turns to Myrcella). Look at you. (Kisses her). More beautiful than ever. (Turns to Tommen). And you! You, you're going to be bigger than the Hound, but much better looking. (Tyrion smiles. He and Myrcella laugh). This one doesn't like me. Tyrion gestures towards the Hound. Bronn looks over at the Hound and smiles wryly.  Can't imagine why.  We heard you were dead.  I'm glad you're not dead. Tyrion takes a sip of his wine.  Me, too, dear. Death is so boring, especially now with so much excitement in the world. (Looks at Sansa). My Lady, I'm sorry for your loss. Tyrion bows to Sansa. Joffrey looks over at her, and back to Tyrion.  Her loss? Her father was a confessed traitor!  But still her father. Surely having so recently lost your own beloved father you can sympathize.  My father was a traitor. My mother and brother are traitors, too. I am loyal to my beloved Joffrey.  Of course you are. Tyrion smirks sympathetically. Sansa looks away.  Well, (Gulps down his wine), enjoy your name day, Your Grace. Wish I could stay and celebrate, but there is work to be done. Tyrion begins walking away from the tent.  What work? (Bronn and the tribesmen follow Tyrion. Joffrey stands up). Why are you here? The council members sit at a table. A man walks to the table with a covered bird cage.  The raven arrived from the Citadel this morning, Your Grace. The conclave has met, (The man sets the cage down and removes the cover), considered reports from Maesters all over the Seven Kingdoms, and declared this great summer done, at last. The longest summer in living memory.  The peasants say, a long summer means an even longer winter.  A common superstition.  We have enough wheat for a five-year winter. If it lasts any longer, (Shrugs indifferently), we'll have fewer peasants.  The city's drowning in refugees, Your Grace, fleeing the war. We have nowhere to house them, and with winter coming, it'll only get worse. Cersei gestures to a servant. The servant comes to take the raven off of the table.  You command the City Watch, do you not, Lord Slynt?  I do, Your Grace.  And are you not a Lord at my command?  I owe my title and lands to your generosity, Your Grace.  Then do your job. Shut the gates to the peasants. They belong in the field, not our capital.  Yes, Your Grace. Tyrion begins whistling from a distance. Everyone at the table turns to watch him approach.  Don't get up. More ravishing than ever, big sister. (Kisses Cersei on the cheek). War agrees with you. Forgive the interruption, carry on.  What are you doing here?  (Sits down) It's been a remarkable journey. I, (grabs a glass), pissed off the edge of the Wall, I slept in a sky cell. (Pours himself wine). I fought with the hill tribes. So many adventures, so much to be thankful for. Tyrion begins drinking his wine.  What are you doing here? This is the small council.  Yes., well, I, do believe the Hand of the King is welcome at all small council meetings.  Our father is Hand of the King.  Yes, but in his absence Tyrion pulls out a letter. He hands it to Varys, who opens it, and begins reading it.  Your father has named Lord Tyrion to serve as Hand in his stead while he fights -  Out! All of you out. (The small council members all get up and leave until it is only Cersei and Tyrion. Cersei stands up and approaches Tyrion). I would like to know how you tricked father into this.  If I were capable of tricking father, I'd be emperor of the world by now. You brought this on yourself. (Cersei sits down).  I've done nothing.  Quite right. You did nothing when your son called for Ned Stark's head. Now the entire North has risen up against us.  I tried to stop it.  Did you? You failed. That bit of theater will haunt our family for a generation.  Robb Stark is a child.  Who's won every battle he's fought. Do you understand we're losing the war?  What do you know about warfare?  Nothing. But I know people. And I know that our enemies hate each other almost as much as they hate us. There is a long pause. Cersei looks over at Tyrion.  Joffrey is King.  Joffrey is King.  You are here to advise him.  I'm only here to advise him. And if the King listens to what I say, the King might just get his Uncle Jaime back.  How?  You love your children. It's your one redeeming quality. That and your cheekbones. The Starks love their children as well. And we have two of them.  One.  One?  Arya, little animal, she disappeared.  Disappeared? What, in a puff of smoke? We had three Starks to trade. You chopped one's head off and let another escape. Father will be furious. It must be odd for you to be the disappointing child. Tyrion smirks, and takes a sip of his wine. Cersei looks away. A knight sits on a horse alone, holding a banner. Winterfell is seen in the background.  My Lord, may the Old Gods watch over your brother and all our northern sons. A long queue of people are waiting to speak with Bran. The man speaking is addressing Bran and Maester Luwin, who are both sitting at a large table.  The walls of my Holdfast will not stand the winter. The stones were last mortared in the time of King Aerys, and I'm afraid the masons today are not fit to carry their fathers' hammers. When I was a boy, I remember seeing them put up a new tower at Torrhen's Square in a summer. Men worked back then. Today, my Holdfast looks like it was built by drunk children. At night you can hear the wind howling through the gaps. And the Gods forbid it rains. Why, I might as well sleep beneath a waterfall.  Maintenance of a Holdfast generally falls to the lord of that Holdfast.  Generally, yes, but I've sent all the young men off to fight Robb Stark's war.  King Robb. And it's not his war. He didn't choose it.  Maybe not, My Lord, but he called in his Banners, and took the men.  Joffrey killed my father, your liege lord. Do you remember your vows, Ser?  Of course I remember!  We can spare four masons for a week, My Lord. Will that be sufficient to repair your walls?  I - I believe it will. The man walks away. After a moment, Luwin turns to Bran.  We didn't want him here all day, did we?  I didn't like the way he was talking about Robb.  Nor did I. But listening to people you'd rather not listen to is one of your responsibilities as Lord of Winterfell. (Bran sighs). Lord Portan.  (Walks forward). My Lord, may the Old Gods watch over your brother and all our northern sons. The camera changes to first-person. A character is running through the woods, panting. The character looks up to the red comet above the trees, and then back down to the pool in the godswood. The character approaches the pool and looks down at their reflection, revealing themselves to be Summer, Brans direwolf. Bran lays in his bed, asleep. His eyes suddenly open. Hodor walks with Bran on his back, closely following Osha. Osha squats next to some plants. Hodor continues walking.  Boil this for an hour and drink the tea. Makes all your pain go away. Osha pockets some of the plant.  Don't have any pain.  Lucky for you.  That way. Bran points, and Hodor changes direction, heading for the godswood. Osha turns and begins following them.  You've been having those dreams again.  I don't dream.  Everyone dreams.  I don't. Heard some of the men talking about the comet. (Bran looks up at the comet). They say it's an omen. They say it means Robb will win a great victory in the South.  Did they? (Hodor is kneeling next to the pool in the godswood. Osha begins unstrapping Bran from Hodors back). I heard some other fools say it's Lannister Red. Means the Lannisters will rule all Seven Kingdoms before long. I heard a stable boy say it's the color of blood, to mark the death of your father. Osha places Bran on the ground. He begins crawling towards the edge of the pool.  The stars don't fall for men. The red comet means one thing, boy. Dragons. Bran looks at his reflection in the pool.  The dragons are all dead. They've been dead for centuries. Some people walk through the desert. The camera pans up to reveal Daenerys, with Drogon on her shoulder, and her Khalasar. Daenerys attempts to feed Drogon some meat, but he refuses.  What did your brother say about them, Khaleesi?  He said they ate meat.  He didn't tell you what kind of meat?  My brother didn't know anything about dragons. He didn't know anything about anything. Doreah looks down dejectedly. Daenerys gets Drogon off of her shoulder and into his cage. At the front of the group, a horse suddenly collapses. Jorah jogs forward to investigate. Daenerys follows after him. Daenerys kneels down to look at the horse. She looks up at Jorah, who shakes his head. Daenerys looks down sadly.  She was Drogo's first gift to me.  I remember.  I promised to protect them. Promised them their enemies would die screaming. How do I make starvation scream?  A trick I never learned, I'm afraid.  Does it ever end?  This is further east than I've ever been. But, yes, Khaleesi, everything ends, even the red waste.  And you're sure there's no other way?  If we go south to the land of the Lazarheen, the Lamb Men will kill us and take your dragons. If we go west to the Dothraki Sea, the first Khalasar we meet will kill us and take your dragons.  No one will take my dragons.  They are too weak to fight, as are your people. You must be their strength.  (Turns to Jorah) As you are mine. Daenerys says something in Dothraki, calling Rakharo and some others over. She then stands up, and addresses Rakharo and two others.  (Speaking Dothraki) Rakharo, Aggo, Kovarro. Take our remaining horses. You will ride east, you southeast, and you northeast.  (Speaking Dothraki) What do we seek, Khaleesi?  (Speaking Dothraki) Cities, living or dead. Caravans and people. Rivers or lakes or the great salt sea. Find how far the Red Waste extends before us, and what lies on the other side. Rakharo and the other two riders walk away. Later, as Rakharo is almost ready to leave, Daenerys approaches him.  (Speaking Dothraki) Rokharo, you are my last hope, blood of my blood.  (Speaking Dothraki) I will not fail you, blood of my blood.  You never have.  This is bad time to start. Rakharo and the other two riders take off. Daenerys stares at the red comet, looking troubled. The large party of Nights Watchmen continue through the woods on horseback. Sam, Grenn, and Edd surround a sledge trapped in the snow on the side of the road.  Having a rough time of it?  Nothing's killed me yet.  Your ass killed the sledge.  You offered me a ride!  I just wanted you to shut up about your damn blisters. The party reaches a large camp. Some of them dismount. The camera pans up to view a large wooden house in the center.  I was born in a place like this. Later, I fell on hard times. The camera moves through the camp, to show some of the women working.  Are those girls?  Craster's daughters.  I haven't seen a girl in six months.  I'd keep on not seeing them if I were you.  What, he don't like people messing with his daughters?  (Smirking) He don't like people messing with his wives. Jon, Sam, and Grenn all look at Edd, surprised.  He marries his daughters, and they give him more daughters, and on, and on it goes.  That's foul.  It's beyond foul.  All the other wildlings for a hundred leagues have disappeared. Craster's still here. He must be doing something right.  What happens to the boys?  Hmm?  He marries his daughters. What does he do with his sons? Craster, Mormont, and a number of watchmen sit around a fire.  He said he planned to stop here on his way to the Frostfangs.  People make all sorts of plans. I haven't seen Benjen Stark in three years. Haven't missed him. Always treated me like scum. (Sips his wine). Haven't had any good wine for a long time. You Southerners make good wine, I'll give you that.  (Standing off to the side of the room) We're not Southerners.  Who's this little girl? You're prettier than half my daughters. You got a nice wet twat between your legs? What's your name?  Jon Snow.  Snow, eh? Listen to me, bastard. All you lot from south of the Wall, you're Southerners. But now you're in the North, the real North.  The lad meant no harm.  I catch that pretty little bastard talking to my daughters -  No one will talk to your daughters, you have my word. (Turns to Jon) Now, sit down and shut your mouth. Jon takes a seat at the fire.  You bring any of that good wine with you?  We did. We passed through six villages on the way here. All six were abandoned. Where have all the wildlings gone? As the conversation continues, Jon looks around at some of Crasters daughters in the rafters.  I could tell you, but I'm thirsty.  There's a barrel of Dornish wine on the sledge. Bring it in here.  Yes, commander.  You want to know where they've all gone? North! To join up with Mance Rayder Your old friend.  He's no friend of mine. He broke his vows, betrayed his brothers!  Oh, aye. But once he was just a poor black crow. And now he's King-Beyond-the-Wall.  He's been calling himself that for years. Whats he king of? A frozen lake somewhere? Craster looks at the watchman sitting next to Mormont and points.  That's a good-looking axe. Fresh forged?  Give it here. Mormont beckons to the watchman, who begrudgingly hands Mormont the axe.  You'll have another one made at Castle Black. (Hands the axe to Craster). Here.  (Inspecting the axe). Oh, that's some lovely steel. (Loudly brings the axe down). You want to know what Mance Rayder is doing? Gathering an army. What I hear, he's already got more men than any of your southern kings.  And where does he plan marching this army?  When you're all the way north, there's only one direction to go.  These are bad times to be living alone in the wild. The cold winds are rising.  Let them come. My roots are sunk deep. (Grabs Gilly) Wife, tell the Lord Crow how content we are.  This is our place. Our husband keeps us safe. Better to live free than die a slave.  Don't it make you jealous, old man, to see me with all these young wives and you with no one to warm your bed?  We chose different paths.  Oh, aye, and you chose the path with no one but boys on it. (Stands up). You'll be wanting to sleep beneath my roof, I suppose, and eat me out of pigs.  (Stands up) A roof would be welcome. It's been hard riding. We've brought our own food and good steel for you.  (Addressing the group). Any man lays a hand on one of my wives, he loses the hand. And I see this one, (Gestures towards Jon), staring too long, I might just gouge his eyes out.  Your roof, your rules. The crows all leave the lodge. Mormont roughly grabs Jon and pins him against a wooden post.  (Angrily) Who am I? (Jon looks confused) Who am I?  Lord commander.  And who are you?  Jon Snow.  Who are you?  Your steward.  You want to lead one day? (Jon nods). Then learn how to follow. The camera pans down from the red comet to Maester Cressen, holding a torch and running. Melisandre can be heard speaking in the distance.  Lord of Light, come to us in our darkness. We offer you these false Gods. Cressen approaches a group gathered on the beach, burning some effigies. Melisandre is speaking to them.  Take them and cast your light upon us. For the night is dark and full of terrors.  (In unison) For the night is dark and full of terrors. Cressen reaches the group and hands his torch to another man.  After the long summer, darkness will fall heavy on the world. Stars will bleed.  (To Davos) We need to stop her!  The cold breath of winter will freeze the seas.  (Looks to Stannis) Not now.  And the dead shall rise in the North.  (Walks forward, interrupting Melisandre). All you men were named in the Light of the Seven! Is this how you treat the Gods of your fathers? Are you so eager to spit on your ancestors? After a long silence, Melisandre approaches Cressen and caresses his face.  You smell of fear, fear and piss and old bones. Do you want to stop me? Stop me. After a moment, Cressen begrudgingly stands aside.  In the ancient books, it's written that a warrior will draw a burning sword from the fire. And that sword shall be Lightbringer. Stannis Baratheon, warrior of light, your sword awaits you. Stannis approaches one of the burning effigies as everyone else looks on. He pulls a sword out from the base and carries it high, to applause. When he sticks it in the sand, the crowd kneels.  Lord, cast your light upon us!  For the night is dark and full of terrors.  For the night is dark and full of terror. Stannis then walks away, almost forgetting to bring his wife with him. The rest of the crowd gets up to leave moments later. Davos and Cressen stay behind a moment to talk.  This woman will lead him into a war he cannot win.  Stannis is our king. We follow where he leads, even if we don't like the path.  (Scoffs) King. Since that boar killed his brother, every lord wants a coronation.  I don't serve the others. I serve Stannis.  As do I, but loyal service means telling hard truths. He's surrounded by fools and fanatics, but he trusts you, Davos. (Davos picks up the sword and inspects it). If you tell him the truth  What's the truth? Cressen looks crestfallen. Davos walks away with the sword. Cressen looks up at the burning effigies. Matthos reads out a letter for Stannis to proofread, as they and some other characters sit around a table.  And I declare upon the honor of my house that my beloved brother Robert le-  He wasn't my beloved brother. (Matthos looks up). I didn't love him, he didn't love me.  A harmless courtesy, Your Grace.  A lie. Take it out. Matthos scratches beloved off of the letter, and then continues.  That my brother Robert left no trueborn heirs; the boy Joffrey, the boy Tommen, and the girl Myrcella, being born of incest between Cersei Lannister and her brother Jaime Lannister. By right of birth -"  Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer. Call him what he is. Matthos adds in the Kingslayer, and continues. Davos notices Cressen slip something into his own glass of wine.  "And her brother Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer. By right of birth and blood, I do this day lay claim -"  Make it Ser Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer. Whatever else he is, the man's still a knight.  (Adding Ser) "Ser Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer. By right of birth and blood, I do this day lay claim to the Iron Throne of Westeros. (Stannis nods). Let all true men declare their loyalty.  When Eddard Stark learned the truth, he told only me. I'll not make the same mistake. Send copies of that letter to every corner of the Realm, from the Arbor to the Wall. The time has come to choose. Let no man claim ignorance as an excuse.  Your Grace, the Lannisters are the true enemy. If, for the time being, you could make peace with your brother -  I'll not make peace with Renly while he calls himself King.  Well, many have already declared for him; Mace Tyrell, Randyll Tarly.  Stannis does not need to beg this lord or that lord for support. The Lord of Light stands behind him.  And how many ships has the Lord of Light got in his fleet?  He has no need for ships.  I'm sure he doesn't, but we do if we're going to war. If not Renly, Your Grace, join forces with Robb Stark.  Who would steal the northern half of my kingdom. I've always served thieves according to their desserts, as you well know, Ser Davos. Joffrey, Renly, Robb Stark, they're all thieves. They'll bend the knee or I'll destroy them.  (Stands up). I owe you an apology, my King. My duty is to serve. You have chosen the new God over the Old Gods. May the Lord of Light watch over us all. Shall we drink together?  (Whispers to Cressen) Don't. Cressen stands up with the drugged glass of wine, and walks over to where Melisandre is sitting.  A cup of wine to honor the one true God. Melisandre stands up. Everyone at the table reaches for their own wine glasses. Cressen takes a sip of the drugged wine and offers it to Melisandre. Davos nervously watches her take the glass. Cressen begins to stumble and bleed from his nose. Melisandre drink a large portion of the wine. As he falls to the floor dead, Davos and many others stand up. Melisandre appears unphased by the poison.  The night is dark and full of terrors, old man, but the fire burns them all away. Your Grace. The camera pans over a watchtower to a wide shot of the camp. In the camp, Robb stark is led by a man with a torch to where Jaime is being held. Robb enters Jaimes cage, where he is tied to a wooden pole, a good distance from the walls of the cage.  King in the North. I keep expecting you to leave me in one castle or another for safekeeping, but you drag me along from camp to camp. Have you grown fond of me, Stark? Is that it? I've never seen you with a girl.  If I left you with one of my bannermen, your father would know within a fortnight, and my bannerman would receive a raven with a message, "Release my son and you'll be rich beyond your dreams. Refuse and your house will be destroyed, root and stem.  You don't trust the loyalty of the men following you into battle?  Oh, I trust them with my life. Just not with yours.  Smart boy. What's wrong? Don't like being called boy? Insulted? Robb looks behind Jaimes cage. As Jaime nervously strains to look behind him, Grey Wind can be heard heavily walking to the front of the cage.  You insult yourself, Kingslayer. You've been defeated by a boy. With Grey Wind now fully in view, Jaime loses his brave facade.  You're held captive by a boy. Perhaps you'll be killed by a boy. (Grey Wind enters the cage. Jaime looks very nervous). Stannis Baratheon sent ravens to all the high lords of Westeros. King Joffrey Baratheon is neither a true king nor a true Baratheon. (Jaime focuses back on Robb). He's your bastard son.  If that's true, Stannis is the rightful king. How convenient for him.  My father learned the truth. That's why you had him executed.  I was your prisoner when Ned Stark lost his head.  Your son killed him so the world wouldn't learn who fathered him. And you... you pushed my brother from a window because he saw you with the queen.  You have proof? Or do you want to trade gossip like a couple of fishwives?  I'm sending one of your cousins down to King's Landing with my peace terms.  You think my father's going to negotiate with you? You don't know him very well.  No, but he's starting to know me.  Three victories don't make you a conqueror.  It's better than three defeats. Robb nudges Grey Wind towards Jaime and leaves the cage. Grey Wind growls in Jaimes face and comes close to biting him. Jaime closes his eyes in preparation, but when he opens them back up, Grey Wind is gone. Shae looks out from the balcony in Tyrions room.  This city stinks Like dead bodies.  A bit corpsey, yes.  And shit. Shae hops down from the balcony, and walks back into the room.  I thought you wanted to come here.  I love it.  You love the smell of dead bodies and shit?  And cum and garlic and rum.  You can smell cum from the balcony?  I love the stink. I love the noise. Cities make me want to fuck.  And so did the country. Shae lays back on Tyrions bed.  This is where I belong.  Yes, well, you need to be careful. No one can know you're here.  No one will know.  You can't trust anyone in King's Landing. They're all liars; good liars, bad liars, one or two great liars.  What about you?  Me? I'm not from here. I'm a slave to the truth.  Truth? (Laughs) You are the biggest little liar I have ever met.  Why do you think I am so little? I'm being, (Lays down on the bed with Shae), crushed beneath the weight of all that truth.  Ned Stark actually slept on this, as if the poor man didn't suffer enough. One of the many changes we'll have to make around here. Tyrion and Shae kiss as a bell rings in the distance. A servant boy can be seen scrubbing something on the floor, as Baelish walks down a hallway next to a courtyard. Cersei and some kingsguard approach from behind.  Lord Baelish.  Your Grace.  I wonder if I might ask you for a favor.  Of course, Your Grace.  Ned Stark's youngest daughter Arya... we can't seem to locate her. Baelish begins walking with Cersei and her guards.  If she's escaped the capital, Winterfell seems the logical destination.  And yet my friends in the North report no sign of her.  Curious.  If we choose to negotiate with the Starks, the girl has some value. Whoever finds her, well, you know what they say about Lannisters and debts.  Well, you could ask Varys where she is. He'll have an answer for you. Whether you believe it,,, Myself, I have always had a hard time trusting eunuchs. (Smiles) Who knows what they want?  A mockingbird. (Points to a pin on Baelishs shirt). You created your own Sigil, didn't you?  Yes.  Appropriate for a self-made man with so many songs to sing.  I'm glad you like it. Some people are fortunate enough to be born into the right family. Others have to find their own way.  I heard a song once about a boy of modest means who found his way into the home of a very prominent family. He loved the eldest daughter. Sadly, she had eyes for another.  When boys and girls live in the same home, awkward situations can arise. Sometimes, I've heard, even brothers and sisters develop certain affections. And when these affections become common knowledge, well, that is an awkward situation, indeed. Especially in a prominent family. But prominent families often forget a simple truth, I've found.  And which truth is that?  Knowledge is power.  Seize him. (Cerseis guards seize Baelish). Cut his throat. (A guard holds a knife to Baelishs neck). Stop. Wait. I've changed my mind. Let him go. (The guards let Baelish go). Step back three paces. Turn around. Close your eyes. (The guards do as Cersei says). (To Baelish) Power is power. Do see if you can take some time away from your coins and your whores to locate the Stark girl for me. I would very much appreciate it. Cersei walks away from Baelish, her guards following close behind. The servant boy scrubbing the floor looks up at Baelish.  You're Ser Alton Lannister?  I am, Your Grace.  I offer your cousins peace if they meet my terms. First, your family must release my sisters. Second, my father's bones must be returned to us so he may rest beside his brother and sister in the crypts beneath Winterfell. And the remains of all those who died in his service must also be returned. Their families can honor them with proper funerals.  An honorable request, Your Grace.  Third... Joffrey and the Queen Regent must renounce all claim to dominion of the North. From this time, till the end of time, we are a free and independent kingdom. Alton looks at him wide-eyed.  The King in the North.  King in the North.  Neither Joffrey nor any of his men shall set foot in our lands again. If he disregards this command, he shall suffer the same fate as my father, only I don't need a servant to do my beheading for me.  These are... Your Grace, these are...  These are my terms. If the Queen Regent and her son meet them, I'll give them peace. If not, I will litter the south with Lannister dead.  King Joffrey is a Baratheon, Your Grace.  Oh, is he? You'll ride at daybreak, Ser Alton. That will be all for tonight. After everyone else leaves the tent, Theon approaches Robb.  A word, Your Grace?  You don't have to call me Your Grace when no one's around.  It's not so bad once you get used to it.  I'm glad someone's gotten used to it.  The Lannisters are going to reject your terms, you know?  Of course they are.  We can fight them in the fields as long as you like, but we won't beat them until you take King's Landing. And we can't take King's Landing without ships. My father has ships and men who know how to sail them.  Men who fought my father.  Men who fought King Robert to free themselves from the yoke of the South, just like you're doing now. I'm his only living son. He'll listen to me. I know he will. I'm not a Stark. I know that. But your father raised me to be an honorable man. We can avenge him together.  You don't want Balon Greyjoy for an ally.  I need his ships. They say he has 200.  They say a million rats live in the sewers of King's Landing. Shall we rally them to fight for us? Catelyn is preparing to go somewhere, gathering up various items.  I understand you don't trust Lord Greyjoy.  I don't trust Lord Greyjoy because he is not trustworthy. Your father had to go to war to end his rebellion.  Yes. And now I'm the one rebelling against the throne. Before me, it was father. You married one rebel and mothered another.  I mothered more than just rebels, a fact you seem to have forgotten.  If I trade the Kingslayer for two girls, my bannermen will string me up by my feet.  You want to leave Sansa in the Queen's hands? And Arya, I haven't heard a word about Arya. What are we fighting for if not for them?  It's more complicated than that! You know it is. A long pause follows. Catelyn sits down.  It's time for me to go home. I haven't seen Bran or Rickon in months.  You can't go to Winterfell.  I beg your pardon?  I'll send Rodrik to watch over the boys, cause tomorrow, you'll ride south to the Stormlands.  Why in the name of all the Gods -  Because I need you to negotiate with Renly Baratheon. He's rallied an army of 100,000. You know him. You know his family.  I haven't seen Renly Baratheon since he was a boy. You have a hundred other lords -  Which of these lords do I trust more than you? If Renly sides with us, we'll outnumber them two to one. When they feel the jaws beginning to shut, they'll sue for peace. We'll get the girls back. Then we'll all go home for good.  I will ride at first light. Robb kisses Catelyns forehead, and they embrace.  We will all be together again soon, I promise.  You've done so well. Your father would be proud.  (Pauses) Give Lord Renly my regards.  King Renly. There's a king in every corner now. Cersei and her guards enter the throne room. Extensive work is being done, overseen by Joffrey.  What is all this?  Returning this room to its proper appearance. Say what you will about the Targaryens, they were conquerors. That is a seat for a conqueror. It needs a room to match it, not vines and flowers.  We can't find Arya Stark.  With luck, she's dead in a ditch somewhere.  Perhaps. But if not, we need her. They'll never give Jaime back to us for Sansa alone.  I think they might. They're weak. They put too much value on their women. (Walks towards the throne).  We need to set our armies to the task of finding her. Send out as many men as we can. I'm sure if you asked grandfather -  The King does not ask; He commands. And my grandfather's stupidity in the field of battle is the reason Robb Stark has Uncle Jaime in the first place.  His life is in danger.  We're at war. All our lives are in danger. I heard a disgusting lie about Uncle Jaime. And you.  Our enemies will say anything to weaken your claim to the throne.  It's not a claim. The throne is mine.  Of course it is. No one believes this foul gossip -  Someone believes it. Father had other children? Besides me and Tommen and Myrcella?  What are you asking?  I'm asking if he fucked other women when he grew tired of you. How many bastards does he have running - Cersei instinctively slaps Joffrey. It grows quiet as many workers look over at Joffrey and Cersei. Joffre looks up shocked, and then around to the workers in the room. Cersei appears nervous.  What you just did is punishable by death. You will never do it again. Never. (Joffrey begins to walk away). That will be all, Mother. A man and a woman are having sex. The woman is shrieking loudly.  No, no, no, no. Do you have any idea how ridiculous you sound? Ease into it. Slowly, with passion. The man and woman go back to having sex, this time with the woman slowly moaning.  Go wash yourselves. Put some clothes on. Both of you are working tonight. Roz walks Daisy through the brothel.  We do things differently here, Daisy. This isn't some five-copper bawdy house in Hayseed Hall.  Haystack Hall.  Wherever you're from. Our establishment doesn't cater to ploughmen and goat herders. (Nods to a man walking past). Lord Olsen. Taste is everything here.  Littlefinger's a fancy man.  Don't call him Littlefinger, he doesn't like it. Lord Baelish. As they enter a new room, a prostitute and two men with her get up to leave.  She pretends she doesn't speak the common tongue so that people will think she's exotic. She grew up just down the road in flea bottom.  She's beautiful.  She's a dumb slut, really, but a lid for every pot. (Janos enters the room). Lord Commander. Good to see you, again. Janos is followed by a number of gold cloaks, some of whom are dragging along a prisoner. Some leave to search other rooms.  You do realize this establishment is owned by Lord Petyr Baelish, the King's Master of Coin. Coin which goes in many pockets.  Orders.  Whose orders?  Someone who doesn't care what Littlefinger thinks.  No, you can't! Some gold cloaks force Mhaegan and her baby, Barra, into the room. She begins crying. The prisoner looks at Barra, and back to Janos. He then nods. A gold cloak lets go of the prisoner and takes the Barra from Mhaegan.  No! Please! No! Not my Barra! Please. Please. The gold cloak holds a knife to the babys throat, hesitantly. Throughout the whole ordeal, Mhaegan continues begging for Barras life.  Enough. Get it done. Kill the bastard. After a moment, Janos takes out a knife and grabs the baby.  Give it here. Janos kills the baby just off screen, and Mhaegan shrieks. Janos and the other gold cloaks leave the brothel. Some gold cloaks walk along a dock. They go up some stairs.  Spread out! Search every house, every room. Look in every room. Some gold cloaks burst into a house and kill the inhabitants. Outside again, a gold cloak tosses a young boy into the water and proceeds to drown him. Some gold cloaks hold back a large mob as a baby is carried away. A gold cloak looks on as the baby is presumably killed. Janos and a number of gold cloaks arrive at the smithy. A gold cloak is holding the blacksmiths face near some hot coals.  Gendry! His name is Gendry.  Where is the bastard?  The Night's Watch! Please, stop!  Where?  They took him up the Kingsroad, heading north!  How will we know him?  He's got a bull's head helmet. He made it himself.  Find him. Gendry loads some things into a cart, and then helps Arya up onto the cart with him. The camera goes to a wide shot of the group Yoren is leading to the wall.  What are you doing here?  Your father has named Lord Tyrion to (Cersei scoffs) serve as hand in his stead.  You brought this on yourself.  Ive done nothing.  Do you understand were losing the war?  Does it ever end?  Everything ends, even the red waste.  (Speaking Dothraki) Rakharo, Aggo, Kovarro.. Take our remaining horses. Find out how far the Red Waste extends before us, and what lies on the other side.  All the other wildlings for a hundred leagues have disappeared. Crasters still here.  Any man lays a hand on one of my wives, he loses the hand.  He marries his daughters, and they give him more daughters.  What happens to the boys? What does he do with his sons?  (Reading a letter) My brother Robert left no trueborn heirs, the boy Joffrey being born of incest between Cersei Lannister, and her brother Jaime Lannister. By right of birth, and blood, I do this day lay claim to the Iron Throne of Westeros.  Send copies of that letter to every corner of the realm.  Im sending one of your cousins down to Kings Landing with my peace terms.  You think my fathers going to negotiate with you? You dont know him very well.  We wont beat them until we take Kings Landing, and we cant take Kings Landing without ships. My father has ships, and men who know how to sail them.  Men who fought my father.  Im his only living son. Hell listen to me.  You dont want Balon Greyjoy for an ally.  I need his ships.  He is not trustworthy!  I heard a disgusting lie about uncle Jaime and you. Father had other children?  What are you asking? Janos pulls out a knife and kills the infant Barra, as his mother Mhaegen looks on.  How many bastards does he have running around? Shots of gold cloaks murdering people. A gold cloak holds the blacksmiths face near some hot coals.  Where is the bastard?  The Nights Watch! Heading North! Shot of Gendry, Arya, and their party on the road. END COLD OPEN Water can be heard trickling down. The opening shot is of Arya, her back to the camera, sitting by a pool of water in the woods. She turns her head to the left. Then some leaves rustle, and she turns to the right. A horse whinnies, and she walks towards some other people. Many of them are gathering wood, and she joins in. Jaqen Hghar, Rorge, and Biter watch her as she walks past their cage.  (Whispers) Boy. Arya looks up at the cage.  (Whispers) Lovely boy.  (Stops walking). What do you want?  A man has a thirst. The man does not drink for a day and a night. A boy could make a friend.  (Walks toward the cave). I have friends.  Give us a beer. Before I skin you.  A man does not choose his companions. These two, they have no courtesy. A man must ask forgiveness. (Pause). You're called Arry. (Arya nods). This man has the honor to be Jaqen H'ghar. Once of the Free City of Lorath.  Hey, you little shit. Get us beer! Arya throws down the wood she was holding and looks at Rorge angrily.  You should have asked nicely. Arya begins hitting the cage with a stick, trying to hit Rorge. Rorge tries to claw back. Jaqen laughs at the exchange. Biter looks on.  Come closer. And I'll shove that stick up your bunghole and fuck you bloody.  (Quietly) The boy has more courage than sense.  Come here! Rorge reaches out at Arya. Gendry walks past holding wood. Arya joins him.  Yoren said none of us were should go near of those three.  Come here!  They don't scare me.  Hmm? Then you're stupid. They scare me. Two gold cloaks ride in on horseback. Gendry puts down the wood he was carrying.  What are gold cloaks doing this far from King's Landing? Arya attempts to hide under some wood.  What are you doing?  They're looking for me.  You're in command here?  You're a long way from home.  I asked you a question.  Aye, you did. You asked without manners. And I chose not to answer.  (Pulls out rolled up paper and hands it to Yoren). I have a royal warrant. For one of these gutter rats you're transporting. Gendry looks at Arya. Arya looks back, pursing her lips.  Well the thing is, (Hands back the paper), these gutter rats belong to the Night's Watch now. That puts them beyond the reach of kings and queens. The gold cloak tries to pull out his sword. Yoren quickly pulls out his dagger and puts it to the mans leg.  It's a funny thing. People worry so much about their throats, they forget about what's down low. Now I sharpened this blade before breakfast. I could shave a spider's arse if I wanted to. Or, I could nick this artery in your leg and once it's nicked, there's no one around here who knows how to un-nick it. Yoren takes the gold cloaks sword. The other gold cloak pulls his out.  We'll just keep that. Good steel is always needed on the wall. Seems you have a choice. You can die here at this crossroads a long way from home. Or you can go back to your city and tell your masters you didn't find what you were looking for.  We're looking for a boy named Gendry. (Gendry and Arya look shocked). He carries a bull's head helmet. Anyone turning him over will earn the King's reward. We'll be back. With more men. (To Yoren) And I'll be taking your head home along with that bastard boy. The gold cloaks ride off. Gendry and Arya stands up. Everyone in the party turns to look at Gendry. Tyrion walks through a room and into a hallway, whistling. As he opens the door to his room, Shae laughs, and he stops whistling. Shae and Varys are sitting at a table. Varys stands up, and Tyrion looks at Shae, and closes the door.  My lord.  You make me wait a long time, but your friend keeps me company.  We were just speaking of your bravery in the victory against the Stark auxiliary forces.  It was quite a battle. Tyrion walks over to the window to get some wine.  I heard you suffered a terrible head wound. The northerners are such fearsome warriors.  And I tell him the story of how we meet.  To find so lovely creature working in your father's kitchen. It almost beggars belief.  (Begins to pour wine). Strange things do happen. You should taste her fish pie.  I don't think Lord Varys likes fish pie.  How can you tell?  I can always tell.  Men like Lord Varys and I can't let our disadvantages get the best of us. We'll make a fisherman of him yet. (Takes a sip).  I am glad your new friend was able to accompany you to the capital. Friends are such an important part of life. Unfortunate that your father didn't want her to come. But rest easy my lord, I am very good at keeping secrets for my good friends.  Your discretion is legendary, where your friends are concerned.  How unspeakable of me to go on and on, when all you want to do is rest. I will leave you. (Kisses Shaes hand). Welcome to Kings Landing, my dear. The city is made brighter by your presence. We have a council meeting, my lord. Shae stands up, and walks away. Tyrion puts his hand on the door, blocking it from being opened.  I don't like threats.  Who threatened you?  I'm not Ned Stark. I understand the way this game is played.  Ned Stark was a man of honor.  And I am not. Threaten me again and I will have you thrown into the sea.  You might be disappointed in the results. The storms come and go. The big fish eat the little fish. And I keep on paddling. Come, my lord. We shouldn't keep the queen waiting. Tyrion opens the door. He and Varys exit. Varys closes the door behind them. The small council sits at their table. Alton stands nearby. Cersei is reading a letter aloud.  From this time until the end of time, we are not part of your realm, but a free and independent Kingdom of the North. (Rips up the letter). He has more spirit than his father, I'll give him that.  You've perfected the art of tearing up papers. Give him his father's bones back, at least, as a gesture of good faith.  You'll give the Starks our reply, cousin?  I will, Your Grace.  Did you see my brother when you were the Starks guest? Varys and Baelish look annoyed.  I did. They have not broken his spirit, Your Grace.  If you speak with him, tell him he's not been forgotten.  I will, Your Grace.  Safe travels, cousin. Alton leaves the room, followed by two gold cloaks.  You have a deft hand with diplomacy.  If that's everything?  (Holding a letter). A raven flew in this morning from Castle Black. Pycelle hands the letter to Tyrion, who unfurls it and begins reading.  Trouble with the wildlings?  That's why they're called wildlings.  Somewhat less wild these days. It seems they've stopped killing each other and started following this King-Beyond-the-Wall.  Another king? How many is that now, Five? I've lost count.  Lord Commander asks that we send more men to man The Wall.  Perhaps he's forgotten we're fighting a war. We have no men to spare.  Cold winds are rising, and the dead rise with them.  The northerners are a superstitious people. Everyone but Tyrion stands up to leave.  According to the Commander, one of these dead men attacked him in his chambers. (The other stop leaving). Mormont doesn't lie.  How do you kill a dead man?  Apparently you burn him.  One trip to The Wall and you come back believing in grumpkins and snarks. (Walks away, followed by Varys).  I don't know what I believe, but here's a fact for you. The Night's Watch is the only thing that separates us from what lies beyond the Wall.  I have every confidence the brave men of the Night's Watch will protect us all. Everyone but Tyrion leaves. Sam, Edd, and Grenn are standing at a table. Edd and Grenn are cutting food.  Then I said, if the gods wanted us to have dignity, wouldn't make us fart when we died.  We fart when we die?  My blessed mother was holding her own when she left this world. She farted so hard, the whole bed shook. Edd makes farting noises with his mouth as they continue to cut food. Sam looks up and watches Gilly walk past.  Seems a bit greedy for one man to have so many wives. Wouldn't two, or three, be enough for him?  We were having a serious discussion. Grenn looks up to watch some of the women.  Would you look at that.  Nothing like the sight of a woman walking away.  I prefer watching them come towards me.  I'm sure that's nice too.  Well, there was a milkmaid named Violet on the next farm over from where I grew up. And we were wrestling together from the time we were six years old. And then we got older, the wrestling, uh, (laughs), changed.  You were with her? How many times?  Well, as many times as I could.  Wish I'd grew up on a farm.  We need more potatoes. And get another sack for the sludge. (Sam begins to walk away). Get the turnips too. As Sam continues walking, a dog barks. Then a woman screams. Sam turns around to see Gilly backed up against a fence post. Ghost stands in front of her, eyeing the meat she is carrying. Sam begins slowly walking over.  No. Ghost, no. No. Ghost, away. Shoo. Shoo! (Ghost walks away). (To Gilly) You all right? Did he frighten you? Sam reaches out to touch Gilly, but she flinches back.  You shouldn't touch me.  Oh, oh. Right. I'm sorry. I just wanted to make sure you weren't hurt. (Long pause).  You're very brave. The camera moves to a shot of Jon sharpening his sword. He stops and looks up as Sam and Gilly approach him.  Whatre you doing?  This is Gilly, she's one of Craster's daughters.  Hello, Gilly. Whatre you doing?  Sam said you could help.  I'm sorry, Sam knows we're not supposed to -  She's pregnant. (Gilly encourages Sam to continue). We have to take her with us, when we leave.  What? (Stands up).  I know it sounds a bit mad.  No it doesn't sound a bit mad, it's impossible.  The Lord Commander, (Jon tries and fails to interrupt Sam), we are sworn to protect -  Sam we can't take her -  Please sir, please. I can still run if I have to.  It's just not possible.  I'm going to have a baby, if it's a boy I  If it's a boy what? (Gilly looks around and then down, not answering). You want us to risk our lives for you, and you won't even tell us why. Gilly looks taken aback, and then runs off.  Why did you do that?  Do what, ask her a question?  You were cruel.  Cruel! Sam are you in such a hurry to lose a hand?  I didn't touch her!  No you just want to steal her. What do you think Craster cuts off for that?  I can't steal her, she's a person not a goat.  We're heading deeper and deeper into wildling territory. We can't take a girl with us. Mormont wouldn't have it. And even if he would, what would we do with her? Who's gonna deliver her baby? You?  I could try. (Jon looks down, annoyed). What? I've read about it. A bit.  I'm sorry Sam, we can't help her. Jon sits back down, and returns to sharpening his sword. Sam walks away. When Sam is gone, Jon sighs deeply. The camera pans across Daeneryss people, many of whom appear tired and weak. Jorah and Daenerys sit near each other. After looking out for a few moments, Jorah takes a sip of his water, and then sighs. Then a horse can be heard approaching. Jorah looks up at it, and it is shown to be riderless.  Khaleesi. Daenerys looks up at the horse. Jorah gets up. The horse is covered in red paint. Jorah walks over to it. A soaking wet sack is attached to it. Some hair can be seen poking out of the top. Flies can be heard buzzing. Jorah feels the hair, and Daenerys gets up from where she was sitting to approach the horse. Jorah pulls the object in the sack out a little bit by the hair, revealing it to be a human head. He then puts it back in the sack. Jorah picks up the ponytail of the head, which has been cut off.  You don't need to see this.  He is blood of my blood. Daenerys looks in the sack, and then quickly looks away.  Who did this?  Khal Pono perhaps, Khal Jhaqo They don't like the idea of a woman leading a Khalasaar.  They will like it far less when I'm done with them. Irri walks over and sees the head. She then falls to her knees, crying.  No! (Speaking Dothraki, to Daenerys) They killed his soul!  (Speaking Dothraki) Shh. They cannot kill his soul.  (Speaking Dothraki) They did! They butchered him like an animal. They did not burn his body. (Daenerys kneels to Irris level). He can never join his ancestors in the night lands.  (Speaking Dothraki) Shh. We will build him a funeral pyre. Daenerys looks up at Jorah. Jorah looks down. Daenerys addresses Irri again, holding her head.  (Speaking Dothraki) And I promise you, Rakharo will ride with his ancestors tonight. Daenerys continues to comfort Irri as she cries. Irri wails loudly. Theon stands on a boat, looking out at the Iron Islands. He smiles. The camera then cuts to him below deck. A naked woman lies in his bed. He walks towards the windows.  Is it as you remember my lord?  (Removes his jacket). Looks smaller.  Everything looks bigger when you're a child. I remember my father's cabin, felt like a palace when I was little. Now look at it.  (Removes more of his clothes). They'll be waiting for me on the docks.  Who will?  Anyone who matters, (Takes off his shirt), this is a big day for them. They haven't had much to get excited about since I left. It's a hard place the Iron Islands always has been. It's cold and it's wet.  I love the cold and wet.  They say hard places breed hard men, (Unbuttons his pants), and hard men rule the world.  Then you'll be king before long.  (Kneels down). Try smiling with your lips closed. (She does). Hmm, better. Theon stands up and roughly pushes her back onto the bed.  My father doesn't trust you Iron islanders.  (Taking off his pants). I don't blame him.  He says that you're all reavers and rapers. And that no matter how many women you have, you'll never be satis- The woman groans as they begin having sex.  Quit talking about your father. He's right about us. Our wives from the Iron Islands, they're for breeding. That's not enough for us. That's why we take saltwives, from the women we capture.  Capture me! Take me with you when you go ashore. Make me your saltwife.  Your place is on this ship.  Not after you leave. Father will punish me. He'll call me a whore.  I haven't paid you. Theon flips her over, and they continue having sex. A prostitute and a man are having sex. A man is watching them through a small hole, while he himself is getting a blowjob. He holds some keys in his hand, which are jingling as he pushes the prostitutes head. Baelish, in turn, is watching this man. He hears a noise and turns around, then covers the hole he was watching through. A man emerges from another room. A woman can be heard crying from inside.  I barely touched her. And you charge twice as much as every other brothel. And this is what I get, crying.  One moment, my friend. A moment. Baelish snaps his fingers, and a woman emerges from another room, covered only in gold jewelry. Out of sight, Baelish wipes some semen from her face with a cloth, and then turns back to the disgruntled man.  Please accept my sincerest apologies. Ramka will take good care of you. Upon seeing Ramka, the man smiles. As they begin to kiss passionately, Baelish goes to investigate the crying woman. He enters the room to see Roz, curled up on the bed, crying. He walks over to her, putting a hand on her back, and then sits next to her.  Im sorry, my lord.  Shhh. Did he hurt you?  No, my lord Its Mhaegen.  Who?  She works for you. She's the one, the girl whose, they killed her baby.  Ah, yes, that was poorly handled. Sometimes those with the most power have the least grace.  Can't stop thinking about it, I can't sleep. Her poor little baby.  You know, you remind me of another girl. A lovely thing I once acquired from an Elysium pleasure house. Beautiful, like yourself, and intelligent as yourself. But she wasn't happy. She cried, often. I asked her why but, we didn't have the kind of rapport that you and I have. Yes, it was quite sad. Girls from Elysium pleasure houses are expensive. Extremely expensive. And this one wasn't making me any money. I hate bad investments. Really, I do. They haunt me. I had no idea how to make her happy, no idea how to mitigate my losses. A very wealthy patron, he offered me a tremendous amount of money to let him transform this lovely, sad girl. To use her in ways that never occur to most men. And you know what occurs to most men. I would not say he succeeded in making her happy but my losses were definitely mitigated. (Stands up). Take tonight off to mourn Mhaegens child. Ill see you tomorrow. But youll be happy? (Roz nods and smiles). That makes me happy.  More wine? The scene begins zoomed in on Podrick pouring Janos a glass of wine. He then spills, and we see Tyrion and Janos sitting at a table.  Damn it, boy!  Apologies, my lord.  Leave us, Podrick. I believe we know how to pour our own wine.  (Podrick leaves). Is that your new squire? Could have found you a proper lad.  Myself, I prefer the improper ones.  Hmm, that's a good red. Dornish?  You know your wines, my lord.  That I do. A fine dinner, my lord.  Call me Tyrion, please. I'm sure you're getting used to fine dinners, now that you're a lord.  Maybe I'll hire this cook of yours. Wars have been started for less. They both laugh. Janos sips his wine.  I heard there was some trouble in Littlefinger's brothel the other night.  Hmm. Nasty business, had to be done.  Yes, of course. City Watch must keep the peace. Only, I hadn't realized peace depended on killing babies.  Orders are orders.  Quite right. Especially the queen's orders.  I never said they were the queen's orders.  No, but who else would want to murder King Robert's bastards? She's always been a jealous woman.  You know your sister better than I do.  You've heard the awful rumors about my brother and sister.  I don't listen to filth.  That's good of you, but you have heard them. I suppose people who do believe that filth, consider Robert's bastards to be better claimants to the throne than Cersei's children.  Joffrey is my king, the rest doesn't interest me. (Sips his wine).  I appreciate your loyalty. Tell me. When your men slaughtered Ned Stark's men in the throne room, did you give the order?  I did. And I would again. The man was a traitor. He tried to buy my loyalty.  The fool! He had no idea you were already bought.  Are you drunk? I'll not have my honor questioned by an Imp.  I'm not questioning your honor, Lord Janos. I'm denying its existence.  You think I'll stand here and take this from you, dwarf.  Dwarf? You should have stopped at imp. And yes, you will stand here and take it from me, unless you'd like to take it from my friend here. Tyrion gestures towards Bronn, who has appeared in the room.  I intend to serve as Hand of the King until my father returns from the war, and seeing as you betrayed the last Hand of the King, well, I just wouldn't feel safe with you lurking about.  What are you ta- My friends at court will not allow this. The queen herself -  The queen regent. And you're a fool to believe she's your friend.  We shall hear what Joffrey has to say about this.  No, we shan't. Tyrion nods at Bronn, who gestures for some armed men to enter the room.  There's a ship leaving for East Watch by the sea tonight. From there, I'm afraid it's rather a long walk to Castle Black. I hope you enjoy the Wall. I found it surprisingly beautiful, in a brutal, horribly uncomfortable sort of way.  The lads will escort you. The streets aren't safe at night, my lord.  These men are under my command. (Bronn laughs). I command you to arrest this cutthroat.  His name is Bronn... and he is the new commander of the City Watch.  Boys? The gold cloaks in the room escort Janos out. Janos begins shouting as they take him.  I have friends at court! Powerful friends! The king himself made me a lord! Janos is escorted out of view. Bronn sits down, and Tyrion pours him a cup of wine.  To the new Commander. Tyrion and Bronn clink their glasses together. Then they both sip.  If I told you to murder, an infant girl say, still at her mother's breast, would you do it without question?  Without question? No. I'd ask how much. Gendry gathers some water in a bucket. Lommy and Hot Pie sit next to the river, washing things. Arya sits away from them, doing the same.  If they come back, I say we yield. Gendry's the one they want. I don't want to get caught in the middle of a battle.  I'm not afraid of no battles.  If you got within a mile of a battle, you'd fill your pants.  I've seen lots of battles. I saw -  Liar.  I saw a man kill another man just outside a tavern in Flea Bottom. Stabbed him right in the neck.  Two men fighting isn't a battle.  They had armor on.  So?  So, if they got armor on, it's a battle.  No, it isn't.  What's a dyer's apprentice know about battles anyway?  (Gendry walks over to get more water). Gendry's an armorer's apprentice. Hot Pie, tell Gendry what makes it a battle.  (Hesitates) It's when they've got armor on.  Now who told you that.  A knight?  How'd you know he was a knight?  Well, cause he got armor on.  You don't have to be a knight to have armor. Any idiot can buy armor. (Arya smiles).  How'd you know?  Cause I sold armor. Lommy nudges Hot Pie, and they both get up and leave. Arya stops washing and stands up, walking over to Gendry.  What do the gold cloaks want with you?  (Turning around) No idea.  You're a liar.  (Walking to camp fire). You shouldn't insult people that are bigger than you.  Then I wouldn't get to insult anyone. (Follows him).  Well, I dont care what any of them want. No good's ever come of their questions.  No good's ever come? Who asked questions before?  How can someone so small be such a huge pain in my ass?  Who asked questions?  The Hand of the King. Er, hands of the King. Lord Arryn came first, a few weeks before he died. And then Lord Stark came, a few weeks before he died.  Lord Stark.  See? Asking me questions is bad luck. (Walks back to river). You'll probably be dead soon.  What did they ask about?  My mom.  Who's your mom?  Just my mom. Worked in a tavern. Died when I was little.  And who was your father?  He could be one of those gold-hatted bastards, for all I know. What about you, anyway? You thought they were after you, why? Did you kill someone, or is it just because you're a girl?  I'm not a girl!  (Walks back to camp fire). Yes you are. You think I'm as stupid as the rest of them?  Stupider. Night's Watch doesn't take girls, everyone knows that.  That's true. You're still a girl.  I am not!  Well, pull your cock out and take a piss then.  I don't need to take a piss Lommy and Hot Pie cant know. No one can know.  They won't. Not from me.  My name's not Arry. It's Arya. Of House Stark. Yoren is taking me home to Winterfell.  He was your father. The Hand. The traitor.  He was never a traitor! Joffrey is a liar.  So you're a highborn, then. You're a lady.  No. I mean yes. My mother was a lady, and my sister -  You were a lord's daughter and you lived in a castle. Look, all that about cocks. I should never have said that. I've been pissing in front of you and everything. I should be calling you milady.  Do not call me milady.  As milady commands. (Arya pushes him). Well, that was unladylike. Arya pushes Gendry to the ground. He laughs, and she stomps off.  What you carrying?  Pears and oranges. Wine from the Arbor. And the heir to Pyke of the Iron Islands. (The man makes no response). The only living son of Balon Greyjoy. (The man continues to make no response). Me.  Don't like wine. Woman's drink. (Returns to his work).  I need to get to Pyke. The man looks up, but makes no move or response. Theon looks annoyed and pulls out some coins.  I'll find you a horse. The man takes the coins and walks away. Theon watches as the rowboat that took him there leaves. He looks down.  I'm heading that way. I can take you there.  I bet you can.  You been at sea long? Or were there just no women where you came from?  None like you.  You don't know what I'm like.  You don't know what you're like. You need someone to teach you. Know who I am?  You think I offer free rides to every man in jewelry. Lord Greyjoy. Yara and Theon pass the man as they are walking. He is leading a horse. Theon gives him some more coins.  Have my things sent up to the castle. Yara and Theon ride on horseback on a beach. Yara is at the reins.  You should give me the reins, I'm a better rider than you. I've been on horseback for the last nine years.  Nine years. Do you still know your way around a ship? Have these hands ever touched a rope?  Don't you worry about my hands. (Theon begins fondling her). The sea's in my blood.  Your blood will be in the sea if I don't watch where I'm going.  I have a proposal for my father. One that will make him king again. And me after him. You may stay at the castle tonight, if you're lucky.  Is that an offer from my future king?  An order, from your future king. You can tell your grandchildren about this night.  I don't imagine it will be a story fit for children. As they approach the castle, the camera pans up to view it in its entirety. Balon sits in front of a fireplace. Theon enters the room.  Father.  Nine years, is it? They took a frightened boy. What have they given back?  A man. Your blood and your heir.  We shall see. Stark had you longer than I did.  Lord Stark is gone.  And how do you feel about that?  What's done is done. I've brought you a proposal from Robb Stark.  Who gave you those clothes? (Stands up). Was it Ned Stark's pleasure to make you his daughter?  If my clothes offend you, I will change them.  It will. (Begins walking forward). That bauble around your neck. Did you pay the iron price for it or the gold? (Theon looks down). I asked a question. Did you pull it from the neck of a corpse you made or did you buy it to match your fine clothes? Iron or gold?  Gold. Balon reaches out and rips the bauble off. Theons cloak falls to the ground.  I'll not have my son dressed as a whore. (Balon walks towards the fireplace and looks into it). My fears have come true. The Starks have made you theirs.  (Steps forward). My blood is salt and iron.  Yet, (Turns around), the Stark boy sends you to me like a trained raven, clutching his message.  The offer he makes, is one I proposed.  He heeds your counsel?  I've lived with him, hunted with him, fought at his side, he thinks of me as a brother.  No, not here, (Walks forward), not in my hearing, you will not name him brother. This son of the man who put your true brothers to the sword. Or have you forgotten your own blood?  I forget nothing. I remember my brothers. And I remember when my father was a king. Theon holds a letter out. Balon takes it and turns around. He then unfurls it and reads it.  I see. I destroy Robb Stark's enemies for him and he will make me King of the Iron Islands once again.  I will lead the attack myself.  Oh, you will?  I'm your son. Your only living heir. Who else? Someone enters the room. Balon looks behind Theon, and he turns to look as well.  I told you to wait outside. (The person who entered is revealed to be Yara). How did you get past the guards?  Anything with a cock is easy to fool.  (Puts his arm around her). My dear.  Yara?  So good to see you, brother. This is a homecoming I'll tell my grandchildren about.  She can't lead an attack!  And why not?  You're a woman!  You're the one in skirts.  This isn't Winterfell, boy. Your sister took over command of your eldest brother's ship after your new father killed him.  What's dead may never die.  What's dead may never die.  What's dead may never die. The only night she's spent off these islands has been spent on the sea. She's commanded men. She's killed men. She knows who she is. Balon leans down and burns the letter in the fire. Yara smirks at Theon.  (Watching the letter burn in his hand). No man gives me a crown. I pay the iron price. I will take my crown. (Throws the letter in the fire). That is who I am. That is who we have always been. Balon walks away. Yara follows him. Theon turns around to watch them leave.  You won't stand a chance against the Lannisters on your own. Who said anything about the Lannisters? Davos and Salladhor Saan walk on a beach. Matthos follows closely behind them..  You'll have your gold when we take the treasury at King's Landing.  All these kings fighting for the throne, and this Stannis has the smallest army. Why would I bet on the man with the worst chance?  Because you're a smart gambler. Stannis has proved himself in war. Twice. His baby brother has never set foot on a battlefield. Neither has the false king, Joffrey.  And yet, they both have larger armies.  Stannis has just begun the fight. His bannermen will rally to his cause. There's no man in the Seven Kingdoms more honorable than Stannis Baratheon. Or more worthy of loyalty.  What is the world coming to when smugglers must vouch for the honor of kings.  Mind your words, pirate. (They all stop walking).  Matthos.  You think I'm insulted? I am a pirate. I'm an excellent pirate. I don't sail for promises.  Of course you do. Every time you leave harbor, you're leaving on a promise. A promise that somewhere on the seas, somebody's got some gold and you can take it from them.  That's a promise that always comes true.  As is mine. You're not the young man, Salladhor. And correct me if I'm wrong: Most pirates don't grow old.  Only the clever ones.  You want to spend your last few years on the sea, stealing from Pentoshi cheesemongers and Midanese silk merchants, then go. They're out there waiting for you. That's easy. What I'm offering you is hard. Come with me and plunder the greatest city in Westeros. You'll be the richest man in Lysene. And the most famous. They'll be singing songs about you as long as men have voices to sing.  Salladhor Saan is a good name for songs.  It is. (Matthos rolls his eyes).  One thing, I want the queen.  The queen?  Cersei, I want her. I'll sail with your fleet, all 30 of my ships, and if we don't drown at the bottom of Blackwater Bay, I will fuck this blonde queen and I will fuck her well.  This war isn't about you. We're not attacking King's Landing so that you can rape the queen.  I'm not going to rape her, I'm going to fuck her.  As if she would just let you!  You don't know how persuasive I am. I never tried to fuck you.  Stannis is the rightful king, and the Lord of Light. The one true god.  I've been all over the world, my boy, and everywhere I go, people tell me about the true god. They all think they found the right one. The one true god is what's between a woman's legs, and better yet a queen's legs. Matthos walks away angrily. Saan turns back to Davos.  I never thought you'd have a true believer for a son.  He's young yet. I promise you the gold. I promise you the glory. I cannot promise you the queen.  You believe your king can win?  He is the one true king.  You Westerosee are funny people. A man chops off your fingers and you fall in love with him. (They laugh). I'll sail with you, Davos Seaworth. You are the most honest smuggler I ever met. Make me rich.  Get me to the gates of King's Landing and I will. They shake hands. Davos pats Saan on the back as he walks away. Saan and Matthos eye each other as Saan walks past. Matthos walks back over to his father.  When will the King have a sail?  As soon as his God wills it.  He's my God too, and yours. But you were too blind to see. (As they walk). Let me teach you how to read.  Oh you and your mother.  It won't take long. You already know the letters. The holy books are much more persuasive than I can be.  I wish I had a God, truly! I'm not mocking you, but I've seen men pray to every God there is. Pray for wind, pray for rain, pray for home. None of it works!  But you always came home.  I wasn't praying.  (They reach their horses). But I was. Every night that you were at sea, I lit a candle and I prayed, for you.  You want me to have a god, fine. King Stannis is my god. He raised me up and blessed me with his trust. He gave you a future I could never have imagined. You know how to read, you'll be a knight someday. You think your fire god commanded all that? It was Stannis. Only Stannis.  (As Davos is mounting his horse). Stannis is my king, but he's only a man.  Don't tell him that. Davos rides away and Matthos watches. In the background, Saans boat is in the water. Tyrion sits at a table with a cup of wine. Cersei paces in front of him.  Lord Janos Slynt was Commander of the City Watch. You had no right to exile him.  I have every right. I am the King's Hand.  You're serving as the King's Hand until father gets here. I am Queen Regent.  Listen to me, Queen Regent, you're losing the people. Do you hear me?  Ha, the people. You think I care?  You might find it difficult to rule over millions who want you dead. Half the city will starve when winter comes. The other half will plot to overthrow you. And your gold-plated thugs just gave them the rallying cry, The Queen slaughters babies. (Cersei says nothing). You don't even have the decency to deny it. Cersei looks down and walks toward the window. Tyrion looks down, and then up at her.  It wasn't you who gave the order, was it? Joffrey didn't even tell you. Or did he tell you? I imagine that would be even worse.  He did what needed to be done. (Now loudly). You want to be the Hand of the King? You want to rule? This is what ruling is! Lying on a bed of weeds, ripping them out by the root one by one before they strangle you in your sleep.  I'm no king, but I think there's more to ruling that that.  I don't care what you think! You've never taken it seriously. You haven't, Jaime hasn't. (Sits down). It's all fallen on me.  (Tries not to laugh). As has Jaime repeatedly, according to Stannis Baratheon.  You're funny. (Laughs). You've always been funny. But none of your jokes will ever match the first one, will they? You remember... back when you ripped my mother open on your way out of her and she bled to death.  She was my mother too.  Now they're gone, for the sake of you. There's no bigger joke in the world than that. (Storms out). Davos moves some ships around on a model map of Westeros as Matthos looks on. Stannis enters with Melisandre.  Your Grace.  Your Grace.  How did it fare with your pirate?  Salladhor Saan will join our fleet. 30 ships. His men know how to fight.  In my experience, pirates prefer fighting unarmed men.  Does seem the wiser choice.  It won't be a choice this time. Do you trust him?  Salladhor Saan is an old friend, I've known him 30 years. I've never trusted him. But once he gets the smell of gold, he never stops.  Well if he does his job, he'll have his share. Leave us.  At once, Your Grace. Davos walks away, followed by Matthos. As Matthos passes her, Melisandre stops him.  The Lord of Light shines through you, young warrior. She then whispers something in his ear. When she is done, Matthos and Davos leave the room.  Come.  What did you say to him?  I told him death by fire is the purest death.  Why?  Because it is true. You're troubled my king.  Yeah.  These armies are but toys for the Lord of Light.  Tell your lord to burn them then.  I tell him nothing! I pray for his commands and I obey.  My little brother has a hundred thousand men according to the scouts. Men whose allegiance rightly belongs to me.  You must have faith.  Faith? In a real war, the side with the greater number wins nine times out of ten.  Then we must be the ten.  I cannot defeat my brother in the field, and I can't take King's Landing without the men he stole.  I have seen the path to victory in the flames. At first, you must give yourself to the Lord of Light.  I've said the words, damn you! I burnt the idols.  You must give... all of yourself. Melisandre disrobes next to Stannis. He looks over and then looks away.  I have a wife. I took a vow.  She's sick. Weak. Shut away in the tower. And she disgusts you. And she's given you nothing. No sons. Only stillborns. Only death. (Whispers in his ear). I will give you a son, my King.  (Gasps). A son? They begin kissing. Melisandre takes off what remained of her clothes. Stannis lays her on the table and they begin having sex, knocking many of the wooden models off of the table. Jon is sitting by a fire. He hears a noise and looks behind himself, seeing Craster walking away from the camp with a baby. Jon gets up to follow Craster and investigate, and walks into the woods. He begins hearing strange noises, and hides when he sees Craster walking back, without the baby. When Craster is out of sight, he runs in the direction Craster came from. He sees a figure lean down and pick up the baby. He is then startled by Craster, who puts his hand on Jons shoulder, and then knocks Jon out. CRASTER crashes though the door and throws JON on the floor. JEOR and the Night's Watch leap to their feet.  Out, all of you. This bastard's been meddling where he shouldn't! I want you and your men gone. And you will make this right. JON spits.  Wait outside.  Lord Commander  Now! Jon leaves. Jeor strides through camp until he finds Jon and Sam.  Lord Commander  Leave us. SAM leaves  What did you do?  I followed him. He took the baby into the woods, the newborn.  What business is that of yours?  No, you don't understand. He's killing them, all the boys. JEOR stares back mutely.  You know.  Wildlings serve crueler gods than you or I. Those boys are Craster's offerings.  Offerings? He's murdering his own children. He's a monster.  Aye, many a time that monster has been the difference between life and death for our rangers, your uncle among them. We have other wars to fight out there. Like it or not, we need men like Craster.  I saw it. I saw something take that child.  Yeah. Whatever it was, I daresay you'll see it again. Now, ready my horse. We leave at dawn. JEOR hands JON his sword.  Don't lose it again. SAM arranges some crates. GILLY walks by and SAM follows her.  Gilly.  You're leaving.  I I wanted to give you something. It belonged to my mother.  I can't take it.  Please. I want you to. My mother used it for sewing. She'd let me sit with her in her chamber while she sewed and I'd read to her. My father put a stop to it when he found out. It's the only thing I have of hers. She gave it to me before I left for the Wall.  You You shouldn't give it away.  I'm not giving it away. I'm giving it to you. Keep it safe for me. Till I come back. Gilly takes the thimble, grabs her basket and flees. Sam smiles. The day begins in Winterfell. Maester Luwin encounters Hodor.  Hodor  Hodor. Rouse Bran, will you? It's time for his lessons. Bran wakes from a dream to find Hodor and Summer in his room.  Every night it's the same. I'm walking and running, but I'm not I'm not me. I'm running through the godswood, sniffing the dirt, tasting blood in my mouth when I've made a fresh kill, howling. Old Nan used to tell me stories about magical people who could live inside stags, birds, wolves.  That's exactly what they are, Bran, - stories.  So she was lying? They don't exist?  Well, they may have done. But they're gone from the world, along with much else. These are dreams, Bran, nothing more.  No, my dreams are different. Mine are true. I dreamt of my father dying. And Rickon had the same dream.  What about all the dreams you had that didn't come true? Hmm? Right. Luwin shows his chain to Bran.  This link is made of Valyrian steel. Only one maester in 100 wears it on his chain. It signifies that I have studied the higher mysteries. And all who study these mysteries try their hand at spells. I was no different. I was young. And what boy doesn't secretly wish for hidden powers to lift him out of his dull life into a special one? But in the end, for all my efforts, I got no more out of it than a thousand boys before me. Come on. LUWIN tucks BRAN into bed.  All right. Maybe magic once was a mighty force in the world. But not anymore. The dragons are gone. The giants are dead. And the Children of the Forest forgotten. An exhibition fight between two armored knights (actually LORAS and BRIENNE) ensues, with RENLY and MARGAERY watching on. CATELYN and COLEN OF GREENPOOLS enter and watch from among the crowd. LORAS lands a solid blow.  Loras! Highgarden!  Get him! BRIENNE lifts LORAS and takes him to the ground, then draws a dagger to his face. MARGAERY stands nervously.  Oh!  Yield! I yield. MARGAERY sits, disappointed.  Well fought. Approach. BRIENNE approaches first and kneels while LORAS looks on.  Rise. Remove your helm. BRIENNE removes her helm to reveal her identity to the crowd.  You are all your father promised and more, my lady. I've seen Ser Loras bested once or twice, but never quite in that fashion.  Now, now, my love. My brother fought valiantly for you.  That he did, my queen. But there can only be one champion. Brienne of Tarth, you may ask anything of me you desire. If it is within my power, it is yours.  Your Grace, I ask the honor of a place in your Kingsguard.  What? The crowd gasps.  I will be one of your seven, pledge my life to yours, and keep you safe from all harm.  Done. Rise, Brienne of the Kingsguard. The crowd applauds.  Your Grace, I have the honor to bring you Lady Catelyn Stark, sent as an envoy by her son Robb, Lord of Winterfell.  Lord of Winterfell and King in the North.  Lady Catelyn. I'm pleased to see you. May I present my wife, Margaery of House Tyrell?  You are very welcome here, Lady Stark. I'm so sorry for your loss.  You are most kind.  My lady, I swear to you I will see the Lannisters answer for your husband's murder. When I take King's Landing, I'll bring you Joffrey's head. The crowd roars and Renly looks uncomfortable.  It will be enough to know that justice was done, my lord. Your Grace.  And you should kneel when you approach the King.  There's no need for that. Lady Stark is an honored guest.  Has your son marched against Tywin Lannister yet?  I do not sit on my son's war councils. And if I did, I would not share his strategies with you.  If Robb Stark wants a pact with us, he should come himself, not hide behind his mother's skirts.  My son is fighting a war, not playing at one. Renly chuckles, stands and walks to Catelyn.  Don't worry, my lady. Our war is just beginning. Renly and Catelyn walk side by side, with Brienne behind them. They encounter a man with a horse  Your Grace.  Gerard. How's your foot?  Better, Your Grace. They don't know their own size is all.  Good man. They continue walking.  I have 100,000 men at my command. All the might of the Stormlands and the Reach.  And all of them young and bold like your Knight of Flowers? It's a game to you, isn't it? I pity them.  Why?  Because it won't last. Because they are the knights of summer and winter is coming.  Brienne, escort Lady Catelyn to her tent. She's tired from her journey.  At once, Your Grace. Shall I return after?  That won't be necessary. I would pray awhile. Alone. Renly departs. Brienne and Catelyn continue together.  If you'll follow me, my lady.  You fought bravely today, Lady Brienne.  I fought for my king. Soon I'll fight for him on the battlefield. Die for him if I must. And, if it please you, Brienne's enough. I'm no lady. Theon looks around the throne room. Yara appears from the shadows behind him.  What are you doing here? I live here. Are you angry with me, brother?  You lying bitch.  It's not my fault you didn't recognize me.  Recognize you? How could I? The last time I saw you you looked like a fat little boy.  You were a fat little boy, too, but I recognized you.  Why didn't you tell me?  I wanted to see who you were first. And I did. Balon enters.  The plans are made. It's time you heard them.  Father.  Father. The look over a map of Westeros.  The wolf pup has gone south with the entirety of the Northern army at his back. While he's tangling with the lion in the Westerlands, the North is ripe for the taking. The ironborn will reave and pillage, as it was in the old days, all along the northern coast. We'll spread our dominion across the green lands, securing the Neck and everything above. Every stronghold will yield to us, one by one. Winterfell may defy us for a year, but what of it? The rest shall be ours, forest, field, and hall. Yara, my daughter, you'll take 30 longships to attack Deepwood Motte.  I've always wanted a castle.  And what's my role in all this?  You'll take a ship to raid the fishing villages on the Stoney Shore.  A ship? You give her 30 and I get one? The Sea Bitch. We thought she'd be perfect for you.  I'm to fight fishermen?  Be careful of their nets.  Father, I fought with Robb Stark. I know his men. He won't give up the North so easily.  They won't even know we're there - until it's too late.  What do you know of it, woman? I'm a proven warrior.  Your brothers were warriors, both of them dead at the hands of those you seem so eager to protect.  I'm not protecting anyone. I just wonder if it's not wiser to wait. Why risk going against the North if they would be our allies? Rise up against them and they could destroy us. But if we pledge fealty to them, they'll give us Casterly Rock.  What are our words? Our words?  We do not sow.  We do not sow. We are ironborn. We're not subjects. We're not slaves. We do not plow the fields or toil in the mine. We take what is ours. Your time with the wolves has made you weak.  You act as if I volunteered to go. You gave me away, if you remember. The day you bent the knee to Robert Baratheon. After he crushed you. Did you take what was yours then? BALON slaps THEON, who falls back.  You gave me away! Your boy! Your last boy! You gave me away like I was some dog you didn't want anymore. And now you curse me because I've come home. BALON exits.  You'd have our father bow down to your other family?  I have no other family.  Don't you? Make your choice, Theon, and do it quickly. Our ships sail with or without you. Yara leaves. Shae paces while Tyrion reads some parchment.  You won't let me leave this room. You won't let me -  Keep your voice down.  Why? You think your father can hear me? He's 300 miles away!  I don't intend for you to stay here. I might be able to bring you into the castle kitchens. Again, only temporary.  Every man who has tasted my cooking has told me what a good whore I am.  But you wouldn't be a cook. You'd pose as a scullion.  Scullion? What is a scullion?  Kitchen wench.  A kitchen wench?  Yes, but  Cleaning pots? Is that how my lion wants to see me?  Your lion wants to see you alive. We've come to a dangerous place. My sister wants to hurt me. She'll look for any weakness she can find. She can't know about you.  I'm the weakness?  It's a compliment, my lady.  How is being a weakness a compliment?  Language can be a bit tricky here.  Oh. I'm too stupid to understand. The stupid foreign girl. I am not a kitchen wench. Shae strides away from Tyrion. Tyrion looks down, exasperated. Cersei dines awkwardly with Sansa, Tommen and Myrcella.  When will Joffrey and Sansa be married?  Soon, darling, when the war is over.  Mother says I'll have a new gown for the ceremony and another for the feast. But yours will be ivory, since you're the bride.  The princess just spoke to you.  Pardon, Your Grace. I'm sure your dress will be beautiful, Myrcella. I'm counting the days until the fighting is done and I can pledge my love to the King in sight of the gods.  Is Joffrey going to kill Sansa's brother?  He might. Would you like that?  No. I don't think so.  Even if he does, Sansa will do her duty. Won't you, little dove? Sansa looks dejected. Sansa continues to look dejected, this time into her mirror. There is a knock at the door.  Come in. Shae enters.  Who are you?  I'm Shae, My Lady. Your new handmaiden.  I didn't know I needed a new handmaiden. You're not from here.  No. They pause.  What are you doing?  Waiting for you to tell me what to do.  I shouldn't have to tell you to do things. You should just do them.  What things?  Change my linens, wash my clothing, scrub the floor, empty my chamber pot, brush my hair. Shae closes the door and picks up a brush to comb Sansa's hair. Sansa stops her.  No.  You said to brush  Not now.  Your chamber pot is empty.  Clean the table. Have you ever been a handmaiden before?  Yes.  For whom?  Lady Zuriff.  Lady Zuriff  Lady Zuriff.  There is no Lady Zuriff in this city.  She wasn't in this city.  I don't know how they did things in that city, but in this city, handmaidens wait on ladies, not the other way around. And I don't have time to answer a thousand questions and teach you how to do your job.  Do you want me to leave?  Just brush my hair. Shae brushes her hair in silence. Pycelle hands Tyrion some medicine.  Oh! Thank the gods. I haven't had a proper shit in six days.  I've encountered this problem before, my lord. The stresses of power often have this insalubrious effect. Two drops with water, daily.  Right. I'm so grateful to have a man of your vast knowledge and wisdom on my side.  Please. Thank you, my lord.  I can trust you, Pycelle, can I not?  Why, yes, of course, my lord.  These are perilous times. And the crown must forge new alliances. And these alliances must often be sealed in matrimony.  Matrimony, huh? Yes.  I'm trusting the council with these plans, but the Queen mustn't know. We can't have her meddling in affairs that could determine the future of the realm. There's too much at stake.  Oh, yes, yes. Indeed, yes. I shall be silent as the grave. Tyrion walks to pour a drink.  I'm brokering an alliance with House Martell of Dorne. Princess Myrcella will wed their youngest son when she comes of age, ensuring their loyalty and their army, should we need it.  Myrcella sent away to Dorne?  But remember, the Queen mustn't know.  Ooh. "The Queen mustn't know." I love conversations that begin this way.  I plan to marry Princess Myrcella off to Theon Greyjoy.  Theon Greyjoy? Forgive me, my lord, but how? He grew up a ward of Winterfell. He fights for Robb Stark.  Precisely. Theon's father loathes the Starks and will convince the boy to come to our side. Greyjoy can destroy the Northern army from within and we can have his father's ships.  But remember, you must tell no one.  Tell no one what?  I plan to wed Princess Myrcella to Robin Arryn of the Vale. Lysa is not fond of me. But perhaps the promise of a royal match will convince her to let bygones be bygones.  She imprisoned you. She tried to execute you. And you offer her son a princess?  For men in our position, holding grudges can be an encumbrance, don't you think?  And I suppose you want me to broker this agreement?  Who better? Littlefinger walks as he ponders.  Yes, I could sing this song to Lysa, if I cared to. What's in it for me?  The gratitude of the people of Westeros for helping to end this war, the adoration of the King for bringing the Vale back into the fold and Harrenhal.  Harrenhal is cursed.  Never took you for a superstitious man. By all means, tear it down and rebuild. You'll be able to afford it. I plan to make you Lord of the Riverlands.  With a single stroke, you'd make me one of the greatest lords in the realm.  You served my family well in the matter of the succession.  So did Janos Slynt, and he was given Harrenhal, too. Until you snatched it away.  I need you to deliver Lysa Arryn. I didn't need Janos Slynt. It's settled, then?  (Nods.)  Good. Oh. And remember  The Queen mustn't know. Tyrion drinks deeply and Littlefinger ponders. Renly and Loras are kissing passionately. Renly brings Loras to the bed and sits astride him. He removes his own shirt, kisses him and undoes his shirt. He sees the heavy bruising on Loras's chest.  That must hurt. Loras refuses to kiss him, pouting.  What? What is it?  A member of the Kingsguard? As if I wasn't humiliated enough already.  Brienne is a very capable warrior. And she's devoted to me. You're jealous.  Jealous? Of Brienne the Beauty? Don't make me laugh.  I'll make it up to you. Renly moves to remove Loras's pants.  No, Your Grace. Not tonight. There's another Tyrell who requires your attention. You didn't win my father's support or his army on charm alone. Renly lies down, dejected, but then decides to try to seduce Loras one more time. Loras resists.  Your vassals are starting to snigger behind your back. Brides aren't usually virgins two weeks after their wedding night.  And Margaery's a virgin?  Officially. Shall I bring her to you? LORAS leaves the bed to get his sister. Renly pours and drinks some wine. Margaery enters.  I should warn you, I've had quite a bit of wine.  As is your right. You are a king.  You look very beautiful.  Thank you, Your Grace.  It's a lovely gown.  You think so? I can't decide how I like it better. This way, or this way. MARGAERY removes her gown. Renly pauses, embarrassed.  You certainly don't need it. MARGAERY starts kissing RENLY, but he resists and continues talking.  Although, some say the beauty most desired is the beauty concealed. MARGAERY hushes him and begins kissing again. She reaches to his groin, but is disappointed by his lack of excitement.  Must be the wine.  Here, let me. She undoes his pants and tries to excite him.  I'm sorry.  Do you want my brother to come in and help?  What?  He could get you started. I know he wouldn't mind. Or I can turn over and you can pretend I'm him.  I don't know what you're talking about.  There's no need for us to play games. Save your lies for court. You're going to need a lot of them. She sits next to him on the bed.  Your enemies aren't happy about us. They want to tear us apart. And the best way to stop them is to put your baby in my belly. We can try again later. You decide how you want to do it, with me, with me and Loras, however else you like. Whatever you need to do. You are a king.  (Sighs.)  You monster. Myrcella is my only daughter. Do you really think I'll let you sell her like a common whore?  Myrcella's a princess. Some would say she was born for this.  I will not let you ship her off to Dorne as I was shipped off to Robert Baratheon.  Dorne is the safest place for her.  Are you mad? The Martells loathe us.  That's why we need to seduce them. We're going to need their support in the war your son started.  She'll be a hostage.  A guest.  You won't get away with this. You think the piece of paper Father gave you keeps you safe. Ned Stark had a piece of paper, too.  It's done, Cersei.  No.  You cannot stop it. CERSEI sweeps glassware from the table in frustration. It shatters.  No!  Just how safe do you think Myrcella is if this city falls? Do you want to see her raped, butchered like the Targaryen children? Make no mistake. They'll mount her pretty little head on a spike right beside yours.  Get out! Get out! She moves to strike Tyrion, who recoils. Cersei turns, sits and weeps. Tyrion exits. Theon reads over a letter he has written to Robb. He decides to burn it instead. Theon and a drowned priest stand in ankle deep water while soldiers look on.  Theon of the House Greyjoy, you would this day consecrate your faith to the Drowned God?  I would.  Kneel. Theon kneels.  Let Theon, your servant, be born again from the sea as you were. Bless him with salt. Bless him with stone. Bless him with steel.  What is dead may never die.  What is dead may never die. But rises again harder and stronger. Stand. Theon stands. Balon and Yara look on. Tyrion sits and ponders. Littlefinger enters, enraged.  I don't appreciate being made a fool of, dwarf. If Myrcella marries the Martell boy, she can't very well marry Robin Arryn, can she?  No, afraid not. Sorry about that.  And Harrenhal, I suppose that's off the table as well.  Yes, I fear so. Sorry about that, too.  Leave me out of your next deception.  That's a shame. You were to be the centerpiece of my next deception. My brother Jaime rots in a northern stockade. I would see him released. That's where you come in.  Robb Stark will never release the Kingslayer.  No, he won't. But his mother might. How would you like to see your beloved Cat again? BRONN enters.  Find him?  Oh, aye. And he has company. Filthy old stoat. Almost hate to interrupt.  No, you don't.  No, I don't. Pycelle and a prostitute lie on a bed. She is naked, while he is fully clothed. The door bursts open as Bronn and TIMETT walk in. The woman flees the bed, and Pycelle sits up in indignation.  What is the meaning of this? No, please, please. TYRION stands in the doorway.  You disappoint me, Grand Maester.  I am your loyal servant.  So loyal that you told the Queen about my plans to send Myrcella to Dorne.  No! Never! It's a falsehood. I swear it. It wasn't me. Ah, Varys. It was Varys the Spider.  See, I told Varys that I was giving the Princess to the Greyjoys. I told Littlefinger that I planned to wed her to Robin Arryn. I told no one that I was offering her to the Dornish. No one but you.  The eunuch has spies everywhere.  Cut off his manhood and feed it to the goats.  No, no, no.  There are no goats, halfman.  Well, make do. PYCELLE recoils from TIMETT while BRONN smiles.  How long have you been spying for my sister?  All I did, I did for House Lannister. Always. Your lord father, ask him. I've always been his servant since the days of the Mad King.  I don't like his beard.  What? What? BRONN grabs PYCELLE by the beard, then chops it off with a large knife.  No. No.  How many Hands have you betrayed, Pycelle? Eddard Stark? Jon Arryn?  Lord Arryn, he knew. He knew the truth about the Queen. And he planned to act, to tell King Robert.  So you poisoned him?  No. Never.  But you let him die, made sure he succumbed.  Lannister I always served Lannister.  Get him out of my sight. Throw him in one of the black cells. BRONN and TIMETT wrestle Pycelle out of the room.  No. No, no, no. No, please. Don't! You can't do this to me! TYRION leaves a coin on the chair for the prostitute, who looks appears to be in shock.  For your trouble. The struggle continues, so TYRION decides to double his payment in compensation. The prostitute nods meekly. Varys and Tyrion sit at table. Varys drinks some wine.  You'll be pleased to know our mutual friend is doing quite well in Lady Sansa's service.  Good. One of my better ideas.  And it seems the Grand Maester has found his way into a black cell? Well played, My Lord Hand. But should I be worried? Janos Slynt, Pycelle. The Small Council grows smaller every day.  The Council has a reputation for serving past Hands poorly. I don't mean to follow Ned Stark to the grave.  Power is a curious thing, my lord. Are you fond of riddles?  Why, am I about to hear one?  Three great men sit in a room. A king, a priest and a rich man. Between them stands a common sellsword. Each great man bids the sellsword kill the other two. Who lives, who dies?  Depends on the sellsword.  Does it? He has neither crown nor gold nor favor with the gods.  He has a sword, the power of life and death.  But if it's swordsmen who rule, why do we pretend kings hold all the power? When Ned Stark lost his head, who was truly responsible? Joffrey? The executioner? Or something else?  I've decided I don't like riddles.  Power resides where men believe it resides. It's a trick, a shadow on the wall. And a very small man can cast a very large shadow. They both drink.  You should be sleeping. Tomorrow's a long march. Thirty miles, if it don't piss on us.  I can't sleep. YOREN offers her his wineskin.  I don't like the taste.  You don't drink it for the flavor, to be honest. What?  How do you sleep?  Same as most men, I think.  But you've seen things, horrible things.  Aye. I've seen some pretty things, too, but not nearly so many.  How do you sleep when you When you have those things in your head?  You didn't see that. I made damn sure.  I close my eyes and I see them up there. All of them standing there. Joffrey, the Queen and and my sister. YOREN thinks for a bit.  You know, we've got something in common, me and you. You know that? I must have been a couple of years older than you. I saw my brother stabbed through the heart right on our doorstep. He weren't much of a villain what skewered him. Willem, the lad's name was. He ran off before anyone could spit. And I just stood there, watching my brother die. Here's the funny part. I can't picture my brother's face anymore. But Willem, oh, he was a nice-looking boy. He had good white teeth, blue eyes, one of those dimpled chins all the girls like. I would think about him when I was working, when I was drinking, when I was having a shit. It got to the point where I would say his name every night before I went to bed. Willem. Willem. Willem. A prayer almost. Well, one day, Willem came riding back into town. I buried an ax so deep into Willem's skull they had to bury him with it. Willem's horse got me to the Wall and I've been wearing black ever since. Well... That'll help you sleep, eh? Horn blasts ring out from outside. Yoren rises quickly in response.  Ho! Get up, you lazy sons of whores! Arm yourselves.  Get up.  Get up.  Keep out of sight, both of you.  No, I'm not afraid.  I can fight.  Keep out of sight. If things go wrong, you run. Do you hear me? You run along north and don't look back. Hey, there's men out there who want to fuck your corpses. Outside, now!  Come on, move, move!  Gold cloaks!  Everyone out!  Hey, you!  Open the damn cage!  Where's the bastard, crow?  Got more than a few bastards here. Who's asking?  Ser Amory Lorch, sworn bannerman to Lord Tywin Lannister. These men from the capital requested our assistance. Drop your weapons in the name of the King.  Now, which king would that be?  This is your last chance. In the name of King Joffrey, drop your weapons.  I don't think I will.  So be it. A gold cloak shoots Yoren with a crossbow. He falls, but then rises in anger.  I always hated crossbows. Take too long to load. YOREN battles the gold cloaks, and takes down a few of them before being subdued. Amory Lorch rides over and pierces Yoren with his sword, killing him. The recruits flee.  Boy, come here. Boy! - Sweet boy, help us. The cage containing the JAQEN, BITER and RORGE is about to catch fire. ARYA pauses, not sure of what to do. The gold cloaks set upon the recruits in battle.  Come back here! Help us, boy! A man can fight! Free us! ARYA spies an axe and runs to retrieve it. She comes over to the cage.  Quick, give it to me. Give me the ax. Give me that. The battle continues. Hot Pie watches from the bushes, but the recruits are outmatched.  Put them on the wagon!  There's more here.  Come on. ARYA tries to run from the encampment. POLLIVER comes from the darkness, punches her in the face and she falls to the ground.  What do we have here? He takes Arya's sword.  No!  That's a fine little blade. Maybe I'll pick my teeth with it. Hot Pie is pushed forward by soldiers, encountering Arya, still on the ground.  I yield! I yield!  Round up any survivors. We'll take them back to Harrenhal.  You heard him. You're coming with us.  I yield! They walk back to camp and come across a wounded LOMMY with a crossbow bolt in his leg.  Help! Help me!  Something wrong with your leg, boy?  Look at it.  Can you walk?  No. You got to carry me.  All right. He stabs the LOMMY instead. LOMMY spits up blood, and dies.  "Carry him," he says.  We're looking for a bastard named Gendry. Give him up or I'll start taking eyeballs. No one says anything. Then Arya gets an idea. She nodes over to the slain LOMMY.  You want Gendry? You already got him. He loved that helmet. THEON wakes and notices that OSHA has gone. THEON dresses down BLACK LORREN while DAGMER watches.  A cripple? You let a cripple escape? The boy can't walk, but somehow he slipped past you?  The giant must have took him.  The giant? Hodor? Oh, that's all right, then. You let a halfwit escape with a cripple. And Rickon, too? The little one?  Gone, along with the wildling woman. The one you were fucking. THEON punches BLACK LORREN in the jaw, who falls to the ground. THEON shakes the pain out of his fist. HE then kicks BLACK LORREN repeatedly.  Right. Get the horses and the hounds.  (laughs) Leashed dogs chase the scent of the fugatives. Mounted riders follow.  Come on, find the scent. Where they going? The dogs seem to have picked up a scent and they pause.  Halt! The riders stop.  Enjoying your first hunt?  So far, hunting seems very similar to riding, my lord.  With hunting, there's blood at the end.  They're little boys.  I was a little boy when I was torn away from my home and brought here. So I kept my word. I never ran away. If I find them soon enough, I won't hurt them. Well, I'll hurt them, but I won't kill them.  Those boys are of far more value to you alive than dead.  They have no value to me missing.  Robb will have sent a force to retake Winterfell by now.  Robb's in the Riverlands. My sister's in Deepwood Motte. She'll get here long before they do. And Ned Stark always said 500 men could hold Winterfell again 10,000.  We have a scent!  The hounds have the scent. Come, Maester, don't look so grim. It's all just a game. THEON rides on. LUWIN follows. The direwolves walk along a stream. HODOR, BRAN, RICKON and OSHA follow.  We should have took more food.  We couldn't risk going to the kitchens.  Those people all love you. They would have given you whatever you needed.  And if Theon found out, he'd hang them.  The boy can't survive on walnuts.  I'm fine. RICKON cracks the walnut he holds  We've been walking since before sunrise. Even Hodor will tire. Hodor: Hodor.  Even you, sweet giant.  Hodor. The party crests a small rise. The sounds of children shouting playfully can be heard in the distance. Wait, I know that farm. I sent those two Winterfell orphans there.  Jack and Billy. They'll give us some food.  We can't risk it. If Theon tracks us here, he'll torture them until he finds out where we are.  Billy climbs a tree better than anyone.  You've never seen me climb a tree, little man.  They'll be after us with hounds.  We got a good start on them, but we can't outrun hounds forever. JON and YGRITTE sleep, entwined. YGRITTE feels JON's manhood against her.  Did you pull a knife on me in the night? JON rolls away quickly, embarrassed. He stands.  What's the matter? Can't be the first time you pressed your bone against a woman's arse.  Let's move. He pulls her up and checks her binding.  It is the first time. How old are you, boy?  I'm a man of the Night's Watch.  You're a boy who's never been with a girl. Don't your stones start to hurt if your bone never gets  Don't call them that.  What, stones? Or bone?  Neither. Both. Having checked her bindings, he picks up his sword and leads her off.  Move!  I heard they get all swollen and bruised if you don't use them. Of course, maybe that's just what the lads say when they want me feeling sorry for them. As if I'd feel sorry for them. Are there no girl crows?  There are no women of the Night's Watch, no.  So the lads just do it with each other?  No.  Never?  Never. We swore an oath.  You have sheep at the Wall? With your hands, then? No wonder you're all so miserable. JON pulls at her bound hands.  Would you please shut up?  Would you please shut up? You think you're better than me, crow. - I'm a free woman.  You're a free woman? I might be your prisoner, but I'm a free woman.  If you're my prisoner, you're not a free woman. That's what "prisoner" means.  And you think you're free? You swore some stupid oath and now you can never touch a girl.  It was my choice to say the words.  So you don't like girls?  Of course I like girls. But you chose never to touch them.  That's the price you pay if you want to be a man of the Night's Watch.  So instead of getting naked with a girl, you'd prefer to invade our lands  Invade your lands? Wildlings raid our lands all the time. Some of them tried to kill my little brother, a crippled boy!  Yhey're not your lands! We've been here the whole time. You lot came along and just put up a big wall and said it was yours.  My father was Ned Stark. I have the blood of the First Men. My ancestors lived here, same as yours.  So why are you fighting us? YGRITTE turns and walks down the slope. JON follows. In a misty morning, a man twitches while hung by a noose. Another screams in pain.  Go on. Now I want you to tell me what happened. Come on, this way. Come on, speak up. Speak up. Above the courtyard, TYWIN listens, and sniffs a wooden toothpick  Wolfsbane. A rare substance. This is no common assassin.  We hanged 20 men last night.  I don't care if you hanged 100. A man tried to kill me. I want his name and I want his head. ARYA sets the table and listens.  We think it was an infiltrator from the Brotherhood Without Banners.  Pretentious name for a band of outlaws. We can't allow rebels behind our lines to harass us with impunity. We look like fools and they look like heroes. That's how kings fall. I want them dead, every one.  Killing them isn't the problem. It's finding them. Have you gone soft, Clegane? I always thought you had a talent for violence.  Burn the villages, burn the farms. Let them know what it means to choose the wrong side. The MOUNTAIN exits.  Mmm. Is that mutton?  Yes, my lord.  Don't like mutton.  I'll bring something else.  Leave it. Are you hungry?  No.  Of course you are. Eat.  I'll eat in the kitchen later.  It's bad manners to refuse a lord's offer. Sit. Eat. ARYA sits and eats the mutton.  You're small for your age. I suppose you've been underfed your whole life.  I eat a lot. I just don't grow. TYWIN looks out the window.  Mmm. This will be my last war. Win or lose.  Have you ever lost before?  Do you think I'd be in my position if I had lost a war?  (shakes her head)  But this is the one I'll be remembered for. The War of Five Kings, they're calling it. My legacy will be determined in the coming months. ARYA realizes that TYWIN has let his guard down, and considers her options. But he turns back to her and she starts, suddenly.  Do you know what legacy means? It's what you pass down to your children and your children's children. It's what remains of you when you're gone. Harren the Black thought this castle would be his legacy. The greatest fortress ever built. TYWIN walks to the fireplace. The tallest towers, the strongest walls. The Great Hall had 35 hearths. Thirty-five. Can you imagine? Look at it now. A blasted ruin. Do you know what happened?  Dragons?  Yes. Dragons happened. TYWIN pours himself some wine.  Harrenhal was built to withstand an attack from the land. A million men could have marched on these walls, and a million men would have been repelled. But an attack from the air with dragon fire Mmm-mmm. Harren and all his sons roasted alive within these walls. Aegon Targaryen changed the rules. That's why every child alive still knows his name  Aegon and his sisters.  Mmm?  It wasn't just Aegon riding his dragon. It was Rhaenys and Visenya, too.  Correct. A student of history, are you?  Rhaenys rode Meraxes. Visenya rode Vhagar.  I'm sure I knew that when I was a boy.  Visenya Targaryen was a great warrior. She had a Valyrian steel sword she called Dark Sister.  Hmm. She's a heroine of yours, I take it?  (smiles)  Aren't most girls more interested in the pretty maidens from the songs? Jonquil with the flowers in her hair?  Most girls are idiots.  You remind me of my daughter. Where did you learn all this stuff about Visenya and her Valyrian steel sword?  From my father.  He was a well-read stonemason. Can't say I've ever met a literate stonemason.  Have you met many stonemasons, my lord?  Careful now, girl. I enjoy you, but be careful. Take that back to the kitchen. Eat what you want. ARYA rises, clearing the dishes and walking away.  And, girl. ARYA stops.  "M'lord. ARYA turns, confused.  " Lowborn girls say "m'lord," not "my lord. " If you're going to pose as a commoner, you should do it properly.  My mother served Lady Dustin for many years, my lord. She taught me how to speak proper Properly.  You're too smart for your own good. Has anyone told you that?  Yes.  Go on. ARYA exits and TYWIN ponders, and drinks his wine. SANSA walks through a castle hallway. The HOUND comes in the other direction.  I beg pardon, ser. I should have come to you after to thank you for saving me. You were so brave.  Brave? A dog doesn't need courage to chase off rats.  Does it give you joy to scare people?  No, it gives me joy to kill people.  (gasps)  Spare me. You can't tell me Lord Eddard Stark of Winterfell never killed a man.  It was his duty. He never liked it.  Is that what he told you? He lied. Killing is the sweetest thing there is.  Why are you always so hateful?  You'll be glad of the hateful things I do someday when you're queen and I'm all that stands between you and your beloved king. SANSA turns and walks away. DAENERYS and XARO walk through the garden, anxiously.  I've demanded a meeting of the Thirteen. One of them did this or knows who did.  You are one of the Thirteen.  If I wanted your dragons, I would have taken them. They mean nothing to me on their own.  Nothing? They're more valuable than anything in the world.  Shall we look inside my vault and see what selling your dragons would buy me I cannot buy already? We will get them back.  There is no we, so why would you help me get them back?  I took you under my protection in front of the rulers of my city. A man is what others say he is and no more. If they say that Xaro Xhoan Daxos is a liar, my word is worth nothing. I cannot let this thing happen to you under my roof.  But it did happen under your roof.  Khaleesi, many times in my life, I have been  I don't care where you've been. DAENERYS steps quickly up the stairs. MALAKKO blocks XARO's way. JON and YGRITTE continue their trek among the mountaintops. JON keeps looking back at her.  You think we're savages because we don't live in stone castles. We can't make steel as good as yours, it's true, but We're free. If someone tried to tell us we couldn't lie down as man and woman, we'd shove a spear up his arse. We don't go serving some shit king who's only king because his father was.  No. No, you serve Mance Rayder, the King beyond the Wall.  We chose Mance Rayder to lead us. He was a crow, same as you, but he wanted to be free. You could be free, too. You don't need to live your whole life taking commands from old men. Wake up when you want to wake up. I could show you the streams to fish, the woods to hunt. Build yourself a cabin and find a woman to lie with in the night. YGRITTE comes closer.  You're a pretty lad. The girls would claw each other's eyes out to get naked with you.  Walk.  I could teach you how to do it.  I know how to do it.  You know nothing, Jon Snow. YGRITTE walks ahead. JON follows. The Stark war camp is quiet. SER ALTON reports to ROBB stark while RIKARD KARSTARK, ROOSE and ??? look on.  And what did she say?  She admired your spirit, Your Grace.  And what then?  She  If every man were held accountable for the actions of every distant relative, Ser Alton, we'd all hang.  She tore the paper in half, Your Grace.  You've acted with honor. I thank you for it. Lord Karstark, see that Ser Alton's pen is clean, and give him a hot supper.  Ser Alton's pen is occupied, Your Grace. The prisoners from the Yellow Fork.  Too many prisoners.  Is there room for Ser Alton?  Does he need to lie down?  Have the men build him a new pen. Put him in with the Kingslayer for now. Have your boy watch over them.  Torrhen. TORRHEN grabs ALTON's should to lead him away  That will be all. ALTON, TORRHEN, RICKARD KARSTARK and ??? leave. TALISA enters.  Your Grace. A minute of your time? ROOSE leaves, eying TALISA.  I've been treating your wounded men.  And my enemies, as some of my bannermen are fond of mentioning.  They're not my enemies.  That's what I tell my bannermen.  I've already run through the supplies I brought with me. Some are easily replaced. Egg yolks, turpentine, oil of roses. But some are not. I need silk for stitching. I need fennel root for those with fever, willow bark. Mostly I need milk of the poppy. You saw what it was like to amputate a foot without any. I assume there will be more loss of limb before this war is over.  If you need help finding these  I know where to find them. I'm sorry, I shouldn't interrupt you.  Continue, my lady.  You're riding to the Crag to negotiate a surrender?  Yes.  The Crag will have a maester and he will have what I need.  I expect he will. If I could write a list.  Come with me to the Crag.  I don't think that will be  Let the maester show you his stores. I want the wounded men to be treated well, all the wounded men. ROBB exits. THEON's search party has come upon the farmhouse. They mill around, trying to pick up the scent.  Children, come inside, quick. Come on.  Hurry up!  Can't find anything, ser. They've lost the scent.  Try again.  We've circled this farmhouse twice. There's no sign of them. The MAN continues to lead his dog through the farm.  We could start the search fresh in the morning, my lord. THEON grabs LUWIN.  I'm looking at spending the rest of my life being treated like a fool and a eunuch by my own people. Ask yourself, is there anything I wouldn't do to stop that from happening? The hounds will find the scent again. I'll beat them until they do. I'll whip every man here until I have both those boys in hand. And once I've got them, the pampered little shits It's better to be cruel than weak. Two ironborn lead the WINTERFELL SHEPHERD to THEON.  Prince Theon.  Where are they?  Who, m'lord?  The Stark boys. Where are they?  I don't know. I seen no one. THEON punches him in the gut.  Think harder.  I swear, m'lord. I don't know. THEON makes to punch him again, but DAGMER has found something by the hay bales.  My lord, over here. I think I've found what we're looking for. THEON comes over and DAGMER shows him a handful of walnut shells. THEON looks around  Send the old man home.  (nods) THEON walks up to LUWIN.  Go back to Winterfell. Take him back.  Theon, don't do this. The ironborn take LUWIN away. DAENERYS stands sadly. JORAH enters.  You came back.  As soon as I heard. Do you know anything?  Irri is dead.  I know. She was a good  She's dead. She died alone. She died for me and I couldn't protect her.  Doreah?  We can't find her. She must be dead, too. I led my people out of the Red Waste and into the slaughterhouse.  I should have been here.  You went to find me a ship.  My place is by your side. I shouldn't have left you alone with these people.  "These people"?  They are not to be trusted.  And who is to be trusted? Who are my people? The Targaryens? I only knew one, my brother, and he would have let a thousand men rape me if it had got him the crown. The Dothraki? Most of them turned on me the day that Khal Drogo fell from his horse.  Your people are in Westeros.  The people in Westeros don't know I'm alive.  They will soon enough.  And then what? They'll pray for my return? They'll wave dragon banners and shout my name? That's what my brother believed and he was a fool.  You are not your brother.  Trust me, Khaleesi.  There it is. "Trust me. " And it's you I should trust, Ser Jorah? Only you? I don't need trust any longer. I don't want it and I don't have room for it.  You are too young to be so JORAH reaches for her.  And you are too familiar.  Forgive me, Khaleesi. No one can survive in this world without help. No one. Let me help you, please. Tell me how.  Find my dragons. JORAH exits. JON and YGRITTE are still walking in the desolate snowlands.  How long till we get back to your crows?  We're close.  What, a day? A half-day? You don't know, do you? Do you even know where they are?  We're close.  What do you think they'll say when they hear about you and me?  Nothing happened between you and me.  "I swear it, Old Master King Crow, ser, "we were only close together for warmth. "And then I felt it, right up against me backside like a club. "I can show you the bruise on me tailbone. "And before I knew what was where, his his "Well, it was all out in the open, all angry as you like. "And I didn't want to want it, but oh, I did! "And he spread me legs and ruined. "The shame of it. "Now I can never marry a perfumed lord. "What will me poor savage father say?"  Turn back around.  "And I thought that we were done, but he said, "'Turn back around." I'll tell you what, Jon Snow. Since it's gonna be your word against mine, and since you can't talk about it without blushing, we may as well just JON: What, right here in the muck?  I'll keep you warm enough. JON pulls on her restraints, releasing her hands.  Are you that afraid of it?  That's enough.  It's nice and wet and warm.  Enough!  It don't have teeth. YGRITTE comes closer. JON is tempted, but comes to his senses and grab the hilt of his sword. YGRITTE backs off.  All right! All right. Gods, you're dull. YGRITTE quickly snares the rope around her leg and pulls JON down to the ground. He grunts and she takes off running. Jon gets up and chases her. She disappears down a slope. Jon runs to where he last saw her, and finds her bindings, cut. He hears a whistle, and looks up to see YGRITTE and two other wildlings on a ledge above him. She is smiling. Jon looks around to see that he is surrounded by wildlings.  Should have took me while you had the chance. SANSA is having a nightmare, reliving the attempted rape by the rioters.  No, no! She wakes in a start, and pulls back the covers to see that her first period has begun. She is distraught  No. Oh, no. SANSA gets up, grabs a knife and tries to remove the bloodstain. SHAE enters the chamber with SANSA's breakfast. She rushes over to help  It's all right. Give me that.  If the Queen sees, I can have Joffrey's children now.  Help me flip it over. While SHAE and SANSA try to flip the mattress, another handmaiden enters. They stop. The handmaiden turns and rushes out of the room. After exchanging a glance with SANSA, SHAE follows her. The handmaiden moves quickly. SHAE pursuers her.  Where are you going?  To tell Her Grace. SHAE pulls a knife and holds it to the handmaiden's throat.  You'll say nothing to anyone. Do you understand? The HANDMAIDEN nods in fear and then runs off. SHAE watches her go, then returns. SHAE rushes back to SANSA's room. The HOUND is already there. SANSA sits on her bed, dejected. CERSEI and SANSA enter.  Your mother might have prepared you. You flowered, my dear. No more.  My mother told me, but I thought it would be different.  In what way?  I thought it would be less Less messy.  Wait until you birth a child. SANSA sits on the edge of the bed.  You're a woman now. Do you have any idea what that means?  I'm fit to bear children for the king?  A prospect that once delighted you, bringing little princes and princesses into the world, the greatest honor for a queen.  (nods)  Joffrey has always been difficult. Even his birth, I labored a day and a half to bring him into this world. You cannot imagine the pain. I screamed so loudly, I was sure Robert would hear me in the Kingswood.  His Grace was not with you?  Robert was hunting. That was his custom. Whenever my time was near, my royal husband would flee to the trees with his huntsmen and his hounds. And when he returned, he would present me with some pelts or a stag's head, and I would present him with a baby. Not that I wanted him there, mind you. I had Grand Maester Pycelle, an army of midwives, and I had my brother. When they told Jaime he wasn't allowed in the birthing room, he smiled and asked which one of them proposed to keep him out. Joffrey will show you no such devotion. SANSA looks down.  You may never love the king, but you will love his children.  I love His Grace with all my heart.  That's so very touching to hear. Permit me to share some womanly wisdom with you on this very special day. The more people you love, the weaker you are. You'll do things for them that you know you shouldn't do. You'll act the fool to make them happy, to keep them safe. Love no one but your children. On that front, a mother has no choice.  But shouldn't I love Joffrey, Your Grace?  You can try, little dove. SANSA looks down, sadly. A guard checks on the prisoners in the Stark encampment. JAIME and ALTON share a cell.  Who did you say your mother was again?  Cinda Lannister.  Is she the fat one?  Well, perhaps she's gotten a little larger than she  No, no. There's only one fat Lannister. If she was your mother, you'd know it.  I squired for you once, you know.  When?  The tournament, the day of Willem Frey's wedding.  I went to Willem Frey's wedding?  You did. Your squire had gotten so drunk the night before that he threw up.  He threw up on his horse on the way to the tourney grounds. What was his name?  Bryan.  Poor lad. That was my brother's doing, I seem to recall. I remember you. You'd never squired for anyone before.  That's right. I ran up and volunteered. "Let me, my lord. Let me. " My father was furious. Afraid I'd embarrass our family in front of the Family.  You didn't, though.  You really remember?  You knew when you were needed and when to go away. It's a rare talent. Most of my squires, they mean well, but young men with big jobs, they tend to overdo them.  When I think back to that day  Shh!  You were saying?  I Never mind. It's embarrassing.  More embarrassing than being chained to a post covered in your own shit?  I remember everything about that day, your helmet, your horse, the rake lines in the dirt along the list, where the sun was in the sky when you knocked Balon from his horse, and the dent in your shield when you handed it back to me. I'll remember it all until I die. That was the best day of my life. And I remember being on the field after it was over. All the competitors were done. I was the last one out there. And I couldn't leave. I couldn't bring myself to go and sit with my family at a table so far on the edge of the feast you could barely even see the bride. And I couldn't bear to tell them what it had been like squiring for you, when I knew that they could never have the faintest idea what I was talking about.  I understand completely.  How could you? Sorry, I I didn't mean to doubt you.  It's just that I I was 16 once. I also had to replace someone's squire on short notice.  Which knight was it?  Barristan Selmy. The fight against the Kingswood Outlaws. Before your time.  What was he like?  He was A painter. A painter who only used red. I couldn't imagine being able to fight like that, not back then. And to help him do that, to be a part of something that perfect. I don't need to explain how that felt, not to you.  It's hard to put into words.  It's like stepping into a dream you've been dreaming for as long as you can remember, and finding out that the dream is more real than your life.  (nods) Leaving that battlefield was like being dragged off to prison.  Did you squire for him again?  No. I didn't have your gift. He couldn't take a step without stepping on me. I was awful, a complete liability. Until one of the outlaws decided to take on a 16-year-old squire.  (smiles)  It's a good thing I am who I am. I'd have been useless at anything else. I'm not well-suited for imprisonment. Shocking, I know. Some men are. Ned Stark, I imagine he made an excellent prisoner right up until the end. Not me, though. My life has left me uniquely unfit for constraint.  And have you thought about  Of course. Every day.  And?  Good prisoners breed good jailers, apparently. The Starks are very careful.  (nods)  But there is a way, I think. It wasn't possible until now.  What is it? JAIME looks out at the guards.  It's actually quite simple.  Well, let me help you.  You'll only have to do one thing.  Tell me.  (whispers)You'll have to die. JAIME headbutts ALTON and then beats him to death with his chained hands. TORRHEN comes to check on his bloodied body. JAIME chokes him with his chained hands until his neck snaps. JAIME takes the keys to complete his escape. JORAH enters a garden where QUAITH covers the back of a man with symbols painted in blood.  Jorah the Andal. This man must sail past old Valyria. All who travel too close to the doom must have protection.  I didn't come here for lessons.  No, you came for the dragons.  You have them? Where are they?  Draw your sword. See what your steel is worth. You want to please the Mother of Dragons. JORAH does not answer. She returns to painting.  You love her.  Where are the dragons?  Will you betray her again, Jorah the Andal? JORAH does not answer.  Will you betray her again?  Never.  The thief you seek is with her now. QUAITH returns to painting and JORAH exits, quickly. DAENERYS appears before the Thirteen to plead for her dragon's return.  I did not leave the comfort of my home to come to yours and be called a thief.  No one is calling you a thief. Who is she to accuse us?  Please, they're my children. I'm begging you.  Begging us? It wasn't very long ago you were threatening us.  Without me, the dragons will die.  It will be for the best. Your dragons will bring the world nothing but death and misery, my dear. If I knew where they were, I would not tell you.  You are cruel, my friend. The Mother of Dragons is in the right. She must be reunited with her babies. I will help you, Khaleesi.  How?  I will take you to the House of the Undying where I have put them.  You have my dragons?  When I learned you were coming to our city, I made an arrangement with the King of Qarth. He procured them for me.  But there is no King of Qarth.  There is now. That was the other half of the arrangement. XARO stands.  You would keep your gates and your minds closed to everything outside your walls, but Qarth cannot remain the greatest city that ever was if it refuses to change. I will open Qarth to the world as I have forced it to open itself to me. PYATT PREE joins XARO's side.  Your ambition is an inspiration. But like all upstarts, you overreach. Three dragons the size of cats and an alliance with a charlatan do not make you a king.  An upstart and a charlatan? Empires have been built by less. Those on the margins often come to control the center, and those in the center make room for them, willingly or otherwise.  The Mother of Dragons will be with her babies. She will give them her love and they will thrive by her side, forever. PYATT PREE's doppelgangers slit the throats of the other members of the Thirteen, simultaneously. DAENERYS is horrified, and flees. She encounters another PYATT PREE clone. KOVARRO comes to her side to defend her, but JORAH stabs PYATT PREE from behind first.  A mother should be with her children. JORAH removes his sword and PYATT PREE collapses into a pile of empty clothes, an illusion. Another clone appears.  Where will you run to, Daenerys Stormborn? Your dragons wait for you in the House of the Undying. Come see them. DAENERYS, JORAH and KOVARRO exit. CATELYN sits in her tent, writing. JACKS tries to enter.  Lady Stark! BRIENNE blocks JACKS at the door.  No farther.  Keep your hands off me, woman.  Don't enter without an invitation, man.  Forgive me. Lady Stark.  What is it?  They caught the Kingslayer. JAIME is being led in chains by a mounted soldier, back into camp. The other soldiers assault him verbally. They jostle at one another in an attempt to make the assault physical, but his captors keep the other men away.  Kingslayer!  Kill the fucking Kingslayer!  Hang him!  Hang him!  You'll die today.  Justice for the Karstark. They proceed further into the camp, but the angry soldiers eventually overpower JAIME's protectors. One man clubs him over the head and JAIME falls. The crowd gathers around to further abuse him. JAIME lies in pain. The horseman rides away, leaving JAIME in the hands of his captors, with a thick crowd behind him. They bring JAIME to his feet. He walks a few paces and then falls to his knees under the pressure of the crowd.  Gut him! RICKARD KARSTARK swiftly approaches the crowd and draws his sword.  Get back! I want his head! Any man who stands between a father and his vengeance asks for death. CATELYN, BRIENNE and JACKS enter.  Lord Karstark, this man is our prisoner.  This monster killed my son.  And crippled mine. He will answer for his crimes, I promise you, but not here.  I will have his head. And if you try and stop me  You will strike me down? Have you forgotten me, ser? I am the widow of your liege, Lord Eddard Stark. I am the mother of your king!  And where is our king now?  You know very well.  He has gone to the Crag to accept the surrender. Aye, gone to the Crag, but not to negotiate. He brought that foreign bitch with him.  How dare you! BRIENNE starts to draw her sword.  Threatening my lady is an act of treason.  Treason? How can it be treason to kill Lannisters?  I understand your grief, my lord, better than most, I understand it. But in the name of my son, the King in the North, stand down.  When your son returns, I will demand this murderer's head.  Wise men do not make demands of kings.  Fathers who love their sons do. I will have his head. RICKARD KARSTARK exits  Thank you for fighting on my behalf, Lady Stark. I would have come to your defense, but  Take him to the stockades. Bind him with every chain you can find!  You've become a real she-wolf in your later years. There's not much fish left in you.  And gag him! CERSEI and TYRION are in her bedroom. CERSEI is lighting candles with a long straw.  Since when do you light your own candles?  Since I decided that I can't stand to look at any of my handmaidens for another instant. She blows out the flame on the straw's end.  How many times can you read one raven scroll?  Stannis Baratheon's fleet has been spotted sailing north past Tarth, 200 ships.  More than we have.  Yes, that's more than we have. He'll be at our gates within five days, four if he has the wind.  We have strong, high walls. We'll rain fire down on them from above.  "Rain fire on them from above." You're quoting Father, aren't you?  Why not? He has a good mind for strategy, doesn't he?  Call it tactics, not strategy. But, yes, he does have a good mind for it. The best mind, some would say. Sadly, he's not here. It's just you, me and Joffrey, the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.  I'm sure you'll make a point eventually.  He needs to start acting like a king. This war you started is coming to our doorstep. And if the entire city wants Joffrey dead  I'm not the one giving the boy whores to abuse.  I thought the girls might help him.  Did you?  I was wrong. If we can't control him  Do you think I haven't tried? He doesn't listen to me.  It's hard to put a leash on a dog once you've put a crown on its head.  I always hoped he'd be like Jaime. He looks like him. In a certain light.  The boy is more Robert than Jaime.  Robert was a drunken fool, but he didn't enjoy cruelty. Sometimes I wonder. What? If this is the price for what we've done, for our sins.  Sins?  The Targaryens Wed brother and sister for hundreds of years, I know. That's what Jaime and I would say to each other in our moments of doubt. It's what I told Ned Stark when he was stupid enough to confront me. Half the Targaryens went mad, didn't they? What's the saying? "Every time a Targaryen is born, the Gods flip a coin."  You've beaten the odds. Tommen and Myrcella are good, decent children, both of them. CERSEI begins to cry. TYRION approaches, perhaps to comfort her, but there is no closeness between them. The soldiers mill about. Two of them are engaged in an argument.  Then why wait?  We're sworn to the king.  There's not a king.  That's treason.  So is saving Lannisters, yeah?  Back off, you.  No, I won't. BRIENNE and CATELYN watch from a distance, concerned about the lack of order.  Your son returns at dawn, my lady?  So they say.  The Kingslayer won't last the night. The more they drink, the angrier they'll get. And when the Karstarks draw their swords Who wants to die defending a Lannister?  Come. BRIENNE follows CATELYN. A guard leads them into JAIME's cage. He is covered in blood.  I need to be alone with him.  My lady, our orders  Your orders, which I just gave you, are to leave me alone with him. The guard exists. BRIENNE moves outside the cage.  Come to say goodbye, Lady Stark? I believe it's my last night in this world. Is that a woman?  Do you hear them out there? They want your head.  Old Lord Karstark doesn't seem to like me.  You strangled his son with your chains.  Oh. Oh. Was he the one on guard duty? He was in my way. Any knight would have done the same.  You are no knight. You have forsaken every vow you ever took.  So many vows. They make you swear and swear. Defend the king, obey the king, obey your father, protect the innocent, defend the weak. But what if your father despises the king? What if the king massacres the innocent? It's too much. No matter what you do, you're forsaking one vow or another. Where did you find this beast?  She is a truer knight than you will ever be, Kingslayer.  Kingslayer. What a king he was. Here's to Aerys Targaryen, the Second of His Name, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, Protector of the Realm, and to the sword I shoved in his back.  You are a man without honor.  Do you know, I've never been with any woman but Cersei. So in my own way, I have more honor than poor old dead Ned. What was the name of that bastard he fathered?  Brienne.  No, that wasn't it. Snow, a bastard from the North. Now, when When good old Ned came home with some whore's baby, did you pretend to love it? No. You're not very good at pretending. You're an honest woman. You hated that boy, didn't you? How could you not hate him? The walking, talking reminder that the honorable Lord Eddard Stark fucked another woman.  (to BRIENNE) Your sword. BRIENNE unsheathes her sword and hands it to CATELYN. THEON address the crowd.  I told you what would happen. All of you. I told you what would happen if you served me loyally. And what would happen if you did not. DAGMER and an iron born raider lead LUWIN through the crowd.  What are you doing? What have you done?  If there are any who still question whether your new lord means what he says, here is the answer to your question. THEON gestures behind him. The raiders raise two bodies of children, hanged by their necks and burned beyond recognition. The crowd is horrified.  No! THEON looks upon the bodies, and then looks down, feeling a pang of guilt. LUWN pushes through a wooden exterior door, closes it and locks it behind him. Sounds of screaming and barking can be heard in the background. He turns and begins to write a message on a scroll. He attaches it to a raven and releases it just as the ironborn crash through the door. They take LUWIN prisoner. THEON and DAGMER enter BRAN's room. THEON walks up to the young lord, who lies in bed.  I've taken your castle.  Theon?  It's Prince Theon now. Get up. You have to get dressed. I've taken Winterfell. I took it. I'm occupying it. I sent men over the walls with grappling claws and ropes.  Why?  To take the castle.  You went with Robb.  And he sent me back to Pyke. I'm a Greyjoy. I can't fight for Robb and my father both. Where's Hodor?  I don't know.  Find the halfwit.  (nods)  My men are bringing your people together in the courtyard.  Why?  So you and I can go down and tell them - how you've yielded Winterfell to me.  I won't.  Yes, you will. THEON moves closer to BRAN, who pulls himself up by a rope, hung from the ceilling.  I won't. I'll never yield. We'll fight you and throw you out. THEON sits next to BRAN on the bed.  The castle is mine. But these people are still yours. You'll yield to keep them safe, to keep them alive. That's what a good lord would do. Think carefully about what you want to say. THEON gets up to leave.  Theon. Did you hate us the whole time? BRAN addresses a crow, sitting next to THEON. DAGMER, LUWIN, HODOR and RICKON stand watching.  I've yielded Winterfell to Theon.  Louder. Say Prince Theon.  I've yielded Winterfell to Prince Theon. You all know me.  Aye, we know you for a steaming sack of shit.  Farlen, you be silent.  Listen to your little lord, Farlen. He has more sense than you do.  All of you should do as he commands.  My father has donned the ancient crown of Salt and Rock and declared himself King of the Iron Islands. He claims the North as well by right of conquest. - You are all his subjects.  Bugger that. I serve the Starks. If you think you can hold the North with it An iron born clubs FARLEN over the head. He screams and stumbles to the ground.  Shut up!  If you serve me as loyally as you served Ned Stark, I will be as good to you as he ever was. Betray me, and you will wish you hadn't. Maester Luwin, send a raven to Pyke informing my father of my victory here. And one to Deepwood Motte to my sister. Inform her that she's to bring You are a maester of the Citadel, sworn to serve the Lord of Winterfell, are you not?  I am.  I am the Lord of Winterfell as Bran just informed you. Send the ravens.  My lord. LUWIN exits, resigned. OSHA comes forward from the crowd.  My Lord Greyjoy.  I see you've finally learned how to address your betters. What do you want? I was brought here a captive.  You were here the day I was taken.  I'm the one who took you. What of it? OSHA kneels.  Let me serve you.  Serve me how? I need fighters, not kitchen sluts.  It was Robb Stark who put me in the kitchens. Put a spear in my hand again.  So you can bury it in my neck? Do you take me for a fool? Get up. OSHA rises and brushes past THEON.  Step aside.  Why?  It's your dream, little lord. The ocean has come to swallow this place. I ain't letting it drown me.  You'll all go about your tasks as usual. And in a few days' time  Greyjoy! BLACK LORREN and another iron born bring a captive, bound and bloodied RODRIK CASSL into the courtyard.  We caught this one on his way back from Torrhen's Square. Took out two of ours before I got his sword.  Ser Rodrik, it grieves me that we meet as foes.  It grieves me you've less honor than a back alley whore. You were raised here under this roof. These people are your people.  They are not my people.  King Robb thought of you as a brother.  My brothers are dead. They died fighting Stark men, men like you.  Aye, they died fighting a war your father started. Lord Stark raised you among his own sons.  Among them, but not one of them. I was his hostage, taken from my home.  If he were alive to see this  He's not. He's dead. The Seven Kingdoms are at war. And Winterfell is mine.  I should have put a sword in your belly instead of in your hand.  You've served this house faithfully, old man. But keep talking and I'll RODRIK spits in THEON's face. The iron born wrestle him to the ground.  Take him to the cells. Lock him up  My prince. You cannot let that stand. He must pay.  I'll lock him in a cell until he rots.  No, he has to pay the iron price. They'll never respect you while he lives. THEON considers and RODRIK fumes, on his knees. THEON looks at BRAN.  Ser Rodrik, I sentence you to death!  No! You said no harm would come to them if I yielded.  The old man couldn't keep his mouth shut.  I urge you not to make a hasty decision.  He disrespected me in front of my men. That was his decision, not mine.  He is worth more to you alive than dead. The Starks will pay. Please, Theon, think what you do. THEON considers, but DAGMER gives a quick shake of his head.  You'll address me as Prince Theon or you'll be next.  Come. BLACK LORREN and a second Iron Born pull RODRIK up. DAGMER draws his sword and steps across the courtyard. They follow, with RODRIK resisting.  No! No! Theon! Please. Ser Rodrik! The ironborn hold RODRIK in front of THEON and DAGMER. DAGMER is stands ready to execute RODRIK  He who passes the sentence should swing the sword.  I'm begging you.  Coward. RODRIK is forced to his knees and THEON draws his sword in a wide arc.  Stop. Stop! Stop right now!  You don't give commands anymore, little lord.  Please, stop this. Please stop him.  Hush now, child. I'm off to see your father.  You said no harm would come! You said no harm would come. Theon, please. It starts to rain and Theon breathes heavily, his eyes wild. He holds his sword to the back of RODRIK's neck.  Any last words, old man?  Gods help you, Theon Greyjoy. Now you are truly lost.  Theon, please don't.  Do something!  I'll do anything, please! No, please stop it! THEON swings his sword down onto RODRIK's neck, but not hard enough to decapitate him. RODRIK spits up blood, suffering. Enraged, THEON swings three more times, then kicks RODRIK's severed head away. THEON pants while BRAN wails. Ghost plods ahead of the Night's Watchmen.  Ghost, stay with us. Ghost!  There goes your pet.  He's not a pet.  No, you're right, he's not. You can't tame a wild thing. You can't trust a wild thing.  Ghost is different.  So you think. Wild creatures have their own rules, their own reasons. And you'll never know them. Now the wildlings we're looking for sleep during the day and hunt at night.  I thought you said you couldn't know wild things.  I said you can't. They find a nice cave to hide in while the sun's up and do their killing when it's dark.  We could do the same.  No, we couldn't. This is their country. They know where to walk, where not to walk. I've lost good men who fell into a crevasse they didn't see till they were in it.  My father always said I'm of the North.  (laughs)  I wasn't joking.  Look around, boy. This look like home to you? You start thinking you know this place, it will kill you. You understand me?  (nods)  No, you don't. We're at war. We've always been at war. It's never going to end 'cause we're not fighting an enemy. We're fighting the North, and it's not going anywhere. The Watch has given you a great gift. You only have one thing to give in return, your life.  I'll gladly give my life.  I don't want you to be glad about it. I want you to curse and fight until your heart's done pumping. And know this, boy. Your death will be a gift for them south of the Wall. They'll never know what you've done. They'll never know how you died. They won't even know your damn name. But they'll be alive because some nameless bastard north of the Wall gave his life for theirs. Now, do you understand me?  I do.  You're even dumber than you look. It's just words, boy, to keep us a little warmer in the night. Make us feel like we've got a purpose. Come on. We've got to find these goat fuckers before night falls and they find us. Ghost walks behind the men. JON moves to catch up. TYWIN meets with his war council. ARYA comes in to serve wine.  Can you read?  My lord?  Can you read? AMORY stares blankly.  This letter detailing our infantry movements was meant for Lord Damon of House Marbrand. It was sent to Lord Marlyn of House Dormand.  My apologies, my lord. I must have  Girl, fetch me the History of the Greater and the Lesser Houses. It's the one on this ARYA picks up the correct volume right away and brings it to the table. TYWIN chuckes and stands.  My cupbearer can read better than you. TYWIN opens the book  To whom does House Dormand owe allegiance?  My lord, I  To the Starks of Winterfell! Who have 20,000 men and my son! I judged you might be good for something more than brutalizing peasants. I see I overestimated you. If you ever put my son's life at risk again, I'll Leave us. AMORY stands, and leaves.  Put the book away, girl. Maybe you should devise our next battle plan while you're about it. There is a knock on the door and a kings guard enters.  Lord Petyr Baelish.  Mmm. Give us the room. The war councils leaves.  (to Arya) Clear all this. LITTLEFINGER enters.  Lord Tywin.  (not amused) Baelish. ARYA continues to clear the table.  Wine?  Thank you. They sit at the table. ARYA takes a deep breath, for she does not want LITTLEFINGER to recognize her, while she must also attend to TYWIN without raising his suspicions.  What news from the capital?  I traveled here directly from Renly Baratheon's camp.  Ah, the late King Renly. Rather a short reign. Murdered by a woman, I hear.  So they say. There has been talk of other forces at work. Dark forces. ARYA serves wine to LITTLEFINGER, who raises his glass to his lips. ARYA tries to walk away from the table, but TYWIN stops her, and hands her more to clear.  Here. Men love to blame demons when their grand plans unravel.  It is my belief that a moment of chaos affords opportunities lost soon after.  You say that as if you were the first man alive to think it. Yes, a crisis is an opportunity. What other brilliant insights have you brought me today?  After the Lannisters and the Starks, the Tyrells command the largest host. Their lands are the most fertile in the Seven Kingdoms, - feeding horses and soldiers.  Yes, yes, yes.  The Tyrells have not yet declared for any of the surviving kings. Loras wants revenge. He blames Stannis for Renly's death. And Margaery  Wants to be queen.  Yes, she does.  House Tyrell rebelled against the Iron Throne. Against my grandson.  They did. And perhaps that treason should be punished one day, after Stannis and Robb Stark are defeated.  (to Arya) More wine for Lord Baelish. ARYA continues to move so that LITTLEFINGER cannot see her face clearly.  If you will allow me to represent your family's interests, I believe that an advantageous agreement TYWIN: The Tyrell host has returned to Highgarden?  They have. ARYA spills some wine, and tries to mop it up in a panic.  Pardon, my lord.  It's only wine. LITTLEFINGER tries to look at ARYA's face, but TYWIN pulls his attention away.  You would ride there yourself?  Tonight, with your leave.  I'll have an answer by nightfall. That'll be all, girl. ARYA steps away from the table, but continues to listen as she walks away.  And what else?  On your son Tyrion's directive, I met with Catelyn Stark.  Why?  He had an interesting proposal for her concerning her daughters.  Hmm. JON, QHORIN and the party of Night's Watchmen creep among rocks and snow of a mountaintop, stalking a wildling camp by a fire. The wildlings, tending to their duties. QHORIN signals and one of the Night's Watchmen lets loose an arrow, striking a wildling in the chest. A short skirmish ensues. JON grapples a hooded wildling into submission, after preventing her from grabbing a weapon. Her hood falls away to reveal YGRITTE, panting. JON is shocked.  A girl.  A wildling.  We could question her.  You could. She won't answer. I've known a wildling to bite off his tongue instead of talking.  What's your name?  Ygritte. QHORIN picks up the axe that YGRITTE was reaching for.  She was reaching for this ax when you got to her. Give her half a chance, she'll bury it in your face. QHORIN throws the axe down to emphasize his point.  I gave you my name.  I'm Jon Snow. JON stands back but keeps his blade trained on YGRITTE's face. She looks at the fallen wildlings.  You ought to burn them you killed.  We'd need a big fire for that. Tell me, Ygritte. Why do you want us to build a big fire? Are there some more friends in the area?  Burn them or maybe you'll need those swords again.  Our boy here's already killed one dead man. He can do it again if he has to. What waits beyond the pass?  The free folk.  How many?  Hundreds and thousands. More than you've ever seen, crow.  Why come to the mountains? What's in the Frostfangs your king could want? YGRITTE doesn't answer. She locks eyes with JON.  Do you mean to march on the Wall? QHORIN leans down closely and places his hand on YGRITTE's face.  Do you know who I am, girl?  Qhorin Halfhand.  Tell me true. If your people captured me, would they take me prisoner?  They'd take your head off your shoulders if they was feeling kind. If not, they'd kill you slow. QHORIN nods and stands back.  We have no food for her. Can't spare a man to watch her. Can't let her go. She'll bring Mance Rayder's army down on us. It needs to be done. Want me to do it? QHORIN draws his sword.  No. No, I'll do it.  Come, brothers. We'll leave him to it. We'll meet you at the top. Don't take too long. We're deep in their country now. QHORIN and the watchmen exit. JON points his sword at YGRITTE's face, who still lays still on the rocks. He hesitates.  You never killed a woman before, did you? You don't need to do it. Mance would take you. I know he would. There's secret ways. The crows would never catch us. JON pushed the point of his sword into her chin to quiet her.  I'm as much a crow as they are. YGRITTE rolls onto her stomach, accepting her fate. JON positions his sword above the back of her neck.  Will you burn me? After?  Can't. Someone might see the smoke. YGRITTE pulls her hood back in frustration. She wants a clean death. JON rests the sword on the back of her neck.  Strike hard and true, Jon Snow, or I'll come back and haunt you. That's cold. JON continues to hesistate. Go on. Be quick about it. JON pulls the sword away. YGRITTE looks at him in frustration.  Do it. Bastard, do it! JON brings his sword over his head, and strikes downward, hitting the rock in front of YGRITTE's head. She looks at the blade before her face, and realizes that JON cannot bring himself to kill her. They look at one another and she seizes her chance. She slams a rock into JON's knee, and he falls. She runs, putting her hood back on. JON pursues her as she runs down the mountainside. Both are desperate. JON can't seem to catch up, but he spies an opportunity to shortcut the fleeing YGRITTE. He takes another route, and slides down a hill to tackle YGRITTE. He drops his sword in the process, but pulls out a knife, and places at her throat.  You can't do it. We both know it. JON turns her over, and stands above her.  The sun's going down, Jon Snow. And your friends are nowhere close.  I'll find them.  Call for them. Go on. Call loudly. A shoreline at King's Landing. In a skiff crowded with people, MYRCELLA sit down, looking back at the shore. The HIGH SEPTON (OR JUST A SEPTON?) blesses her travels.  May the Seven guide the princess on her journey. May the Mother give her health. May the crone give her wisdom. May the warrior give her courage. CERSEI and TYRION watch the boat disembark.  One day I pray you love someone. I pray you love her so much, when you close your eyes, you see her face. I want that for you. I want you to know what it's like to love someone, to truly love someone. Before I take her from you. TYRION turns to face her. CERSEI continues to look straight ahead. He walks away, silently.  You sound like a little cat mewling for his mother. Princes don't cry.  I saw you cry.  Did you say something, my lady?  My little brother cried when I left Winterfell.  So?  It seems a normal thing.  Is your little brother a prince?  No.  Not really relevant then, is it? Come, dog. JOFFREY leaves, followed by the HOUND. They walk past CERSEI on their way out. She still stares after the skiff. JOFFREY walks through the crowd, among his kingsguard. TYRION and TOMMEN are with him. The crowd begins to hassle JOFFREY.  Hail Joffrey! Hail to the King. Seven blessings on you, Your Grace.  Murderer! Bastard!  All hail the King.  He's no king.  He's a bastard! Please, Your Grace, we're hungry.  Freak. TYRION turns to one of the guards.  Get the Prince back to the Keep now.  Yes, my lord. Come, quickly. Some of the guards escort TOMMEN away, hopefully to safety.  Please, Your Grace, give us some food!  Bread, Your Grace, please! JOFFREY ignores them, until he is hit in the face with a mudball. He groans and doubles over. The HOUND and the other kingsguard draw their swords to defend the king.  Who threw that? I want the man who threw that. Find who did that and bring him to me! The HOUND holds JOFFREY back, trying to control him.  Hold on!  Hold them back! The kingsguard push into the crowd. A full riot begins. SANSA and her hand maidens are scared.  Just kill them! Kill them all! CERSEI looks back at TYRION  Move. Move! The HOUND grabs JOFFREY around the chest and guides him forward.  Pull back!  Tear him to pieces!  What are you doing? I want these people executed!  And they want the same for you. The riot escalates. SANSA flees awkwardly. TYRION watches in horror as the crowd tears one of their party limb from limb. The crowd cheers.  Where's Sansa?  Through the door.  Come on.  Push hard. The crowd closes around them. MERYN strikes down one of the crowd.  Protect the king!  Get back!  Fall back! Keep him safe! The Hound passes JOFFREY off to MERYN and sets on the crowd. Meanwhile, the kingsguard shepherd Joffrey through a gate.  Come in! Come in!  Keep him safe!  Motherfucker! Brotherfucker!  Watch out. Hold them back.  Come on. SANSA is trapped by the crowd. She runs down a dark passage, and some men from the crowd follow  Hey.  Traitors! - I'll have all their heads.  You blind, bloody fool.  You can't insult me.  We've had vicious kings and we've had idiot kings, but I don't know if we've ever been cursed with a vicious idiot for a king.  You can't  I can, I am.  They attacked me!  They threw a cow pie at you, so you decided to kill them all? They're starving, you fool. All because of a war you started.  You're talking to a king! TYRION slaps him.  And now I've struck a king. Did my hand fall from my wrist? Where is the Stark girl?  Let them have her.  If she dies, you'll never get your Uncle Jaime back. You owe him quite a bit, you know. SANSA runs in desperation from the men who pursue her. One catches up grabs her arm. She slaps him, and he hits her in return. She spins to the ground. Two other men catch up. They tear at her cloths.  Where are you going? You ever been fucked, little girl? Come here.  Take some men and go and find the Stark girl.  I take my orders from the king.  Where? This way. The three men drag SANSA across the floor. She fights back but there are too many of them.  Please! No! No! The men continue their assault. One holds down her hands while the others tear at her clothes. The HOUND appears and guts one of them, holding him by the neck before dropping him to the floor. He takes care of the rest. SANSA lies on the ground, terrified and whimpering.  Please! The HOUND reaches down to help SANSA up.  You're all right now, little bird. You're all right. She accepts his help, and he carries her away, over his shoulder. The melee continues. It has spiraled further out of control. The HOUND carries SANSA past TYRION and into safety with the rest of the royal party. He sets her down gently, with her back to the wall  We'll get you.  We'll get you.  This way.  Are you hurt, my lady?  The little bird's bleeding. Someone take her back to her cage. See to that cut.  Well done, Clegane.  I didn't do it for you. DAENERYS paces while XARO watches. KOVARRO sits nearby.  He shouldn't make me wait.  The Spice King is the second wealthiest man in Qarth. He makes everyone wait. Of course, you could have avoided this embarrassment if you married the wealthiest man in Qarth.  I already have a husband.  Khal Drogo is gone, Khaleesi. You are far too young to be a widow forever and far too beautiful.  And you are far too smart to think that I will succumb to flattery.  I have traveled very far in my life and met many women, but none that are immune to flattery. The Mother of Dragons!  Ah, here he comes. The SPICE KING enters, descending a staircase with his entourage.  Forgive me. I had terrible dreams last night. Terrible dreams. I could not sleep until the sun was shining and the birds were singing. Look what a beauty you are now the Red Waste has been washed off you. I am sorry about all that unpleasantness. The silver hair of a true Targaryen. Xaro Xhoan Daxos, she is far too lovely for a glorified dockworker like yourself. The SPICE KING descends the staircase.  Very true, and yet they say that your grandfather, who sold pepper off the back of a wagon, married a lady far lovelier and higher born than himself.  Every lady alive was lovelier and higher born than my grandfather. Did my servants not offer you something to eat, to drink? I'll have them flogged in the square.  Thank you, my lord. You are a gracious host, but there is no servant alive that can bring me what I want.  Oh, she has a talent for drama, this one. So, my little princess, what is it you want?  My birthright. The Seven Kingdoms of Westeros.  I fear I'm no better than a servant in this regard. I cannot give you what I do not have.  I'm not asking you for the kingdoms. I'm asking you for ships.  I need to cross the Narrow Sea. I need my ships as well. I use them, you see, to bring spices from one port to another.  Whatever you grant me now will be repaid three times over when I retake the Iron Throne.  Retake? Did you once sit on the Iron Throne?  My father sat there, before he was murdered.  But if you did not sit on it yourself, would it not be correct to say "take the Iron Throne"?  I didn't come here to argue grammar.  Of course not. You came to take my ships. So let me explain my position, little princess. Unlike you, I do not have exalted ancestors. I make my living by trade. And I judge every trade on its merits. You ask for ships. You say I shall be repaid triple. I do not doubt your honesty or your intentions. But before you repay your debts, you must seize the Seven Kingdoms. Do you have an army?  Not yet.  You do not have an army. Do you have powerful allies in Westeros?  There are many there that support my claim.  When were you there last?  I left when I was a baby.  So, in truth, you have no allies.  The people will rise to fight for their rightful queen when I return.  Ah. Forgive me, little princess, but I cannot make an investment based on wishes and dreams. Now if you'll pardon me.  Do you know lllyrio Mopatis, Magister of Pentos? Yes, we've met.  A shrewd man.  For my wedding, he gave me three petrified dragon eggs. He believed The world believed that the ages had turned them to stone. How many centuries has it been since dragons roamed the skies? But I dreamt that if I carried those eggs into a great fire, they would hatch. When I stepped into the fire, my own people thought I was mad. But when the fire burned out, I was unhurt, the Mother of Dragons. DAENERYS ascends the stairs to meet the SPICE KING.  Do you understand? I'm no ordinary woman. My dreams come true.  I admire your passion. But in business, I trust in logic, not passion. I'm sorry, little princess.  I am not your little princess. I am Daenerys Stormborn of the blood of Old Valyria, and I will take what is mine. With fire and blood, I will take it. The SPICE KING ascends the staircase to leave. His entourage follows.  Yes, my lady, but not with my ships. ARYA comes to clean the table. She notices the scroll, which mentions ROBB, and begins to read it. TYWIN enters, catching her in the act.  Who taught you to read?  My father, my lord.  Hmm. I taught my son Jaime to read. The maester came to me one day, told me he wasn't learning. He couldn't make sense of the letters. He reversed them in his head. The maester said he'd heard tell of this affliction and that we simply must accept it. Ha! After that, I sat Jaime down for four hours every day until he learned. He hated me for it, for a time. For a long time. But he learned. Hmm. Where is your father? Is he alive? Who was he?  A stonemason.  A stonemason who could read? Hmm.  He taught himself.  Quite a man. What killed him?  Loyalty.  You're a sharp little thing, aren't you?  Did... Forgive me, my lord. I shouldn't ask questions.  No. But you've already begun.  Did you know your father, my lord?  I did. I grew up with him. I watched him grow old. TYWIN sits. While his back is turned, ARYA steals the scroll that she was reading.  He loved us. He was a good man, but a weak man. A weak man who nearly destroyed our house and name. I'm cold.  I'll fetch more wood for the fire, my lord.  Mmm. ARYA exits. ARYA hides in a corner, above the bustle of the courtyard. She pulls out the scroll to read what it says about ROBB. She gets up with purpose. ARYA runs down the steps. Not looking where she is going, she runs into AMORY LORCH  Where are you going, girl?  The armory, my lord.  Why?  Lord Tywin sent me.  What might this be?  Lord Tywin gave it to me.  What for?  To take to the armory.  Why would he do that? Let's go and ask him. ARYA flees and AMORY pursues her.  Move! Get out of the way! ARYA scampers through the courtyard and he follows clumsily. AMORY loses sight of her, and she stays hidden just out of sight, beyond a doorway. AMORY goes the wrong way, and she takes advantage of his mistake and runs the other way. She encounters a kingsguard who she mistakes for JAQEN. She grabs him for attention. He turns to her, and she realizes her mistake. She continues on and finds JAQEN just a bit further on.  Amory Lorch.  A girl has named a second name. A man will do what must be done.  Now!  A girl cannot tell a man when exactly he must do a thing. A man cannot make a thing happen before its time.  But he's going to tell Tywin. He's getting away. It has to be now.  (sighs) AMORY enters the council room, where TYWIN sits working. TYWIN rises while AMORY collapses to the floor, dead.  Guard! ROBB walks among his men and greet them as he passes them.  Your Grace.  Your Grace.  My honor, Your Grace.  Your Grace.  Your Grace.  Quent. ROBB sees TALISA sitting by a tent. He approaches her.  Lady Talisa.  Your Grace.  I'm not sure I'm a lady.  Westerosi customs are still a bit foreign to me.  It's hard to keep all the rules straight. But if I remember my lessons, a woman of noble birth is always called a lady. Unless she's a queen or a princess. I could find someone who knows.  Why are you so sure I'm of noble birth?  Because it's obvious.  What if I told you my father sold lace on the Long Bridge, and my mother, my brother and I lived with him above our shop?  I'd call you a liar.  Not very noble to accuse a lady of dishonesty.  (nods)  I always thought I was a brilliant liar.  Better at amputations, I'm afraid. They look around, awkwardly.  Quite a pretty spot.  Will we be here long?  I couldn't really discuss troop movements with you.  I'm not a spy.  Of course, a spy would deny being a spy.  You're right. You've found me out. I'm writing a letter to the Lannisters. "The young wolf is on the move. " Perhaps you'd join me. If you've got time, of course, for, well CATELYN enters  Robb. ROBB turns to CATELYN and embraces her. TALISA looks down.  Mother. Mother, this is Lady Talisa. She's been helping with the wounded. She's been very helpful.  Lady Talisa.  Lady Stark.  Lady Talisa  Maegyr.  Maegyr? Forgive me, I do not know this name.  An uncommon name here. An old name in Volantis. Excuse me, my lady. Your Grace. TALISA exits. ROBB and CATELYN begin to walk.  I've missed you.  Yes, you look positively forlorn.  You surprised me, that's all. I didn't think I'd see you today.  I wish that you were free to follow your heart.  I know.  You have inherited your father's responsibilities. I'm afraid they come at a cost. You are promised to another.  I know.  A debt that must be paid.  I haven't forgotten. ROOSE BOLTON enters  Your Grace. My lady. News from Winterfell. ROOSE holds up a scroll. JON and YGRITTE walk through the mountains. Her hands are bound, and he leads her by a rope.  Your brothers desert you? I can tell you which way to go.  We'll stop here. Too dark to go any farther today.  Here? There's no shelter here.  There's no shelter anywhere.  There is if you know where to look. The cold could kill us both. If you light a fire  No fire.  But a fire is  No fire.  Have it your way. JON forces YGRITTE to lie down. He begins to walk away.  We'll stay warmer if we stay close. JON pauses.  Bet you freeze to death before I do. Bet your life. YGRITTE turns to sleep. JON looks back at her, then joins her, reluctantly.  Think they're out looking for you?  Yes.  Think they'll find you?  Yes.  You're brave. Stupid, but brave. They are both exhausted.  We start again at first light. Get some sleep. YGRITTE wiggles next to JON.  Stop moving.  I'm just trying to get comfortable.  Stop it! She begins moving again.  You're still moving.  Was I? I didn't notice that time.  (sighs) YGRITTE smiles ROBB, CATELYN and ROOSE are in the midst of a discussion.  This cannot be true.  We've had ravens from White Harbor, Barrowton and the Dreadfort. I'm afraid it is true.  Why? Why would Theon  Because the Greyjoys are treasonous whores.  My brothers?  We've heard nothing of them. But Rodrik Cassel is dead.  I told you, never trust a Greyjoy!  I must go north at once.  There's still a war to win, Your Grace.  How can I call myself king if I can't hold my own castle? How can I ask men to follow me if I can't  You are a king. And that means you don't have to do everything yourself.  Let me go and talk to Theon.  There will be no talk. He will die for this.  Theon holds the castle with a skeleton crew. Let me send word to my bastard at the Dreadfort. He can raise a few hundred men and retake Winterfell before the new moon. We have the Lannisters on the run. If you march all the way back north now, you'll lose what you gained. My boy would be honored to bring you Prince Theon's head.  Tell your son Bran and Rickon's safety is paramount. And Theon, I want him brought to me alive. I want to look him in the eye and ask him why. And then I'll take his head myself. THEON, OSHA talk by a fire. An iron born keeps her bound.  Why on earth would I trust the word of a lying little savage like you?  I'm no liar.  All wildlings are liars and savages with no loyalty to anything or anyone.  I done what I had to do to stay alive. I hate the Starks as well as you do. Let me serve you, my lord.  How? And don't tell me to put a spear in your hand.  There are other ways to serve, my lord.  I'm a prince now, and you'd do well  There are other ways to serve, my prince.  Like what?  We know things, the free people.  You know things? Like what? How to eat dirt?  Other things. OSHA begins to undress  Savage things.  Wait outside. THEON takes a bite of his apple, The iron born leaves and ASH lets her dress fall to the floor.  I always wondered what you had under there.  It comes at a price.  I'm not killing you. That's your price.  I already had that.  What do you want then, other than your miserable life?  What all free people want. My freedom.  Well, you shall have it, then. But only if you serve me well. SANSA is seated. SHAE attends to her wounds.  Ow!  Shh. It's not deep.  I thought they were going to kill me.  They thought so, too.  He hated me, the man who hit me. I saw it in his eyes. Hated me. He never met me before, but he wanted to hurt me.  Of course he did.  Why? Why would a stranger  You are everything he will never have. Your horse eats better than his children. It doesn't matter now. He's dead.  I would have given them bread if I had it. I hate the king more than any of them.  Don't say these things. If the wrong people hear you  But you're not the wrong people.  Don't trust anybody. Life is safer that way. THEON sleeps. OSHA slinks away. She walks through the courtyard and encounters a guard.  And where are you going?  I have something for you from Prince Theon.  What?  Me. He says I'm to make the rounds. And keep you warm. OSHA kisses him and he responds. She pulls a knife and slits her throat. OSHA crouches by a tree and whistles. From the doorway comes RICKON, HODOR and BRAN, followed by their direwolves. The sneak away into the darkness of the woods. DAENERYS and XARO walk in the garden. KOVARRO trails them.  The Spice King refuses me because I'm a bad investment. The Silk King won't support me because of his business with the Lannisters. Why offend his best customer? And the Copper King offers me a single ship on the condition that I lie with him for a night. Does he think I will whore myself for a boat?  When I came to this city, I had nothing. Truly nothing. I slept by the docks. And when I could find work loading the ships, I would eat. If not, I dreamed of food. Today, I am the richest man in Qarth. Do you think the path from poverty to wealth is always pure and honorable? I have done many things, Khaleesi, that a righteous man would condemn. And here I am, with no regrets. XARO opens the door for DAENERYS. They move into the courtyard to find it strewn with bodies, throats cut. DAENERYS takes in the scene, and then runs in a panic.  Bar the gates. Ring the bells. Slowly, Khaleesi. Bells toll as DAENERYS runs, followed by KOVARRO and XARO. She climbs a staircase to her chamber, where IRRI lies slain. The dragons are gone.  Where are they? Where are my dragons? A hooded figure walks up an exterior staircase toward a tower, the House of the Undying, burdened by a covered basket. The dragons screech from inside. TYRION wakes to echos of the sounds of battle. PYCELLE's face comes into focus. TYRION's head is crudely bandaged, with only one eye revealed. He is disoriented.  Pod. PODRICK bursts into the room  Pod! Find Bronn or Varys. Tell them I am here with Maester Pycelle. Tell them I am very much alive.  Yes, my lord.  Would you like something for the pain?  What happened?  The murderer and traitor Stannis Baratheon suffered a stunning defeat at the hands of your father.  Where am I?  These are your new chambers. A little cramped, perhaps, but you don't need much room, do you? You are no longer Hand of the King. PYCELLE turns and begins to leave. A thought occurs to him. He takes out a coin and flicks it to Tyrion  Oh, For your trouble. Pycelle exits.  THRONE ROOM A white horse expels manure at the doorway leading to the throne room. TYWIN rides the horse in, through the gathered crowd. From his throne, JOFFREY addresses the room.  I, Joffrey of the House Baratheon, first of my name, the rightful King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, do hereby proclaim my grandfather, Tywin Lannister, the savior of the city and the Hand of the King. Bowing, a page presents a pillow to JOFFREY, who places the Hand's brooch up to TYWIN. TYWIN bows.  Thank you, Your Grace. He turns his mount and exits.  Lord Petyr Baelish, step forward. LITTLEFINGER steps forward and kneels before JOFFREY.  For your good service and ingenuity in uniting the Houses of Lannister and Tyrell, I declare that you shall be granted the castle of Harrenhal with all its attendant lands and incomes to be held by your sons and grandsons from this day until the end of time.  You honor me beyond words, Your Grace. I shall have to acquire some sons and grandsons. The crowd laughs  Ser Loras Tyrell. LORAS steps forward from the crowd and kneels.  Your house has come to our aid. The whole realm is in your debt, none more so than I. If your family would ask anything of me, ask it, and it shall be yours.  Your Grace, my sister Margaery, her husband was taken from us before . . . She remains innocent. I would ask you to find it in your heart to do us the great honor of joining our houses.  Is this what you want, Lady Margaery? MARGAERY takes a few steps forward.  With all my heart, Your Grace. I have come to love you from afar. Tales of your courage and wisdom have never been far from my ears. And those tales have taken root deep inside of me.  I, too, have heard tales of your beauty and grace, but the tales do not do you justice, my lady. It would be an honor to return your love, but I am promised to another. A king must keep his word.  Your Grace, in the judgment of your Small Council, it would be neither proper nor wise for you to wed the daughter of a man beheaded for treason, a girl whose brother is in open rebellion against the throne as we speak. For the good of the realm, your councilors beg you to set Sansa Stark aside. The crowd murmurs.  Margaery! We want Margaery! JOFFREY stands and gestures to quiet the crowd.  I would like to heed your wishes and the wishes of my people, but I took a holy vow.  Your Grace, the gods do indeed hold betrothal solemn, but your father, blessed be his memory, made this pact before the Starks revealed their falseness. I have consulted with the High Septon and he assures me that their crimes against the realm free you from any promise you have made to them in the sight of the gods. CERSEI looks across to SANSA. CERSEI is pleased and SANSA is quite worried.  The gods are good. I am free to heed my heart. Ser Loras, I will gladly wed your sweet sister. You will be my queen and I will love you from this day until my last day. The crowd applauds. SANSA walks away, quite solemn. Once she is out of view, she smiles and laughs in relief. LITTLEFINGER catches up to her.  My lady. My sincerest condolences.  They're right. I'm not good enough for him.  You shouldn't say that. You'll be good enough for many things. He'll still enjoy beating you. And now that you're a woman, he'll be able to enjoy you in other ways as well.  But, if he's not marrying me  He'll let you go home? Joffrey's not the sort of boy who gives away his toys. You have a tender heart, just like your mother did at your age. I can see so much of her in you. She was like a sister to me. For her sake, I'll help get you home.  King's Landing is my home now.  Look around you. We're all liars here. And every one of us is better than you.  BROTHEL ROS applies make-up to her eye. There is a knock on the door. ROS stands up to welcome her client.  Come in. Make yourself comfortable. A hooded figure walks in, silently. He sits on the end of the bed.  That doesn't look very comfortable. Here, watch me. The man removes his hood. It is VARYS.  No need for that, my dear.  You sure? Most men like what they see.  I'm not like most men.  That's what most men say.  (laughs)  If you don't want what most men want, then you'd better tell me what you'd like me to do.  I would like you to tell me if working for Lord Baelish has been all you'd hoped it would be.  Have we met?  You wouldn't remember me if we had?  I meet a lot of men.  And I think you remember all of them. I think your true talents are wasted on them.  You're very kind, my lord. Allow me to return the favor. ROS reaches to fondle his cock, but finds that VARYS is a eunuch. She is taken aback, and steps backward.  You're afraid. Why? Nothing dangerous down there.  I know who you are.  And, unlike your current employer, I protect those who work for me. I don't abuse them to satisfy royal whims or force them to abuse each other.  How do you know about that?  I thought you said you knew who I was.  What can I do for you, Lord Varys?  Littlefinger looks at you and sees a collection of profitable holes. I see a potential partner.  I'm afraid of him.  Oh, you should be. He's a dangerous man. But everyone has their weaknesses. Your current employer hides his very well, but not as well as he thinks. BRIENNE pulls the boat up to the shore. JAIME waits, his hands chained.  You're a virgin, I take it? Annoyed, BRIENNE pushes him forward. He walks and she follows.  Walk.  Childhood must have been awful for you. Were you a foot taller than all the boys? They laughed at you, called you names? Some boys like a challenge. One or two must have tried to get inside Big Brienne. BRIENNE: One or two tried.  Ah. But you fought them off. But maybe you wished one of them could overpower you, fling you down, tear off your clothes. But none of them were strong enough. I'm strong enough.  Not interested.  Of course you are. You'd love to know what it feels like to be a woman. They encounter three hanged women in the trees.  Ah. "They lay with lions." Tavern girls, I'd say. Probably served my father's soldiers. Maybe one of them gave up a kiss and a feel. That's how they earned this. The glorious work of the Northern freedom fighters. Must make you proud to serve the Starks.  I don't serve the Starks. I serve Lady Catelyn.  Tell yourself that tonight when they swing in your dreams. BRIENNE pushes him roughly below the bodies, finally pinning him against a tree, and tying him fast against it.  What are you doing?  Burying them.  We shouldn't stay here. We should get back on the river.  I think these women would understand if I don't care what you think. Some men approach  I didn't leave it here.  I had me dagger. JAIME, nervously, gesters to BRIENNE.  Untie me. Now!  I gave it to you to cut the rope, and now I don't have me dagger no more. Three men approach, in leather armor and bearing swords.  So unless it got stuck in your arse on its way to your cunt, it stands to reason that it's gone. Whoa. What's your business here?  Traveling a prisoner. The three men laugh hysterically  You're a woman. - A woman!  Well, fuck me!  If you've quite finished up The men laugh even harder.  All right, we'll be going. She turns to take care of JAIME.  Whoa. Whoa! Who do you fight for?  The Starks. MAN #2 What did he do?  Apparently eating is now a crime. Who knew?  No, stealing is a crime.  But it's not a crime to starve. That's justice for you.  Where are you taking him?  To Riverrun.  Why Riverrun? BRIENNE works to unbind JAIME from the tree.  Steal from the Tullys, it's their dungeons you rot in.  Why not kill him?  For stealing a pig?  I don't give the orders. He must be important to someone.  Sending him with you? How important could he be? BRIENNE does not answer.  All right, have it your way, my lady. MAN #2 moves closer.  Do I know you?  Have you been to Ashemark?  No.  Then you don't know me.  Do you ever go to the river market at Salt Rock?  Is it near Ashemark?  No.  I've never been there. BRIENNE frees him from the tree, and she and JAIME start to walk away.  What do you think of these beauties?  I hope you gave them quick deaths.  Two of them we did, yeah.  Wait. I do know you. That's Jaime Lannister.  I wish someone had told me. I wouldn't have had to steal that pig.  If this is the Kingslayer, I think I'd know about it.  How do you know what the Kingslayer looks like?  I was at Whispering Wood. I saw him. They dragged him out of the woods and threw him down before the king.  He's not the Kingslayer. Sorry to disappoint you. If he was, I'd only be traveling his head. Again, they try to move along.  I have a question for you both. And I want you to answer it at the same time. I count to three, you both answer. What's his name? One. Two. Three. BRIENNE pushes JAIME aside, draws her sword, and sets on the men, visciously. JAIME is surprised at her prowess in battle. She bests them all, and turns to MAN, who lies on the forest floor. She drops her long sword and draws her short sword.  Two quick deaths. She stabs the MEN in the gut, painfully. She plunges deeper, and the MAN dies. She withdraws her sword and steps away.  Those were Stark men.  I don't serve the Starks. I serve Lady Catelyn. I told you I'd take you to King's Landing, and that's what I'm going to do. Stay. BRIENNE turns and chops the rope that holds the three women's corpses with a large grunt. JAIME winces as the bodies thud to the ground. ROBB sits in his tent. Catelyn sits as well.  Walder Frey is a dangerous man to cross.  I know that.  And you mean to do it anyway?  I love her.  I know that seems important to you.  It is important to me.  Your father didn't love me when we married. He hardly knew me or I him. Love didn't just happen to us. We built it slowly over the years, stone by stone, for you, for your brothers and sisters, for all of us. It's not as exciting as secret passion in the woods, but it is stronger. It lasts longer.  And that is what would be in store for me with one of Walder Frey's daughters, what you and father had?  Why not? Because she's not beautiful? Because she's not exotic and exciting?  Now you're arguing just to argue because you arranged it.  And you agreed to it. You gave him your word. Treat your oaths recklessly, and your people will do the same. If your father lived his life for one thing  My father is dead. And the only parent I have left has no right to call anyone reckless. Robb exits. STANNIS sits by a hearth.  You said you saw my victory in the flames.  l I did. I still see it.  The flames lied. And I'm no better than a savage trusting in a fire god. I fought for your god in Blackwater Bay. I led my men to the gates of the seventh hell as their brothers burned alive, and for what? Attacked from behind by Tywin Lannister and the Tyrells. If you see so much in your flames, why didn't you warn me?  The Lord of Light only allows me glimpses.  You claimed to speak for a god.  Will you quit the war just because you've lost a battle?  You talk about war as if you understand it.  I've been fighting far longer than you.  Have you? Show me how you fight. STANNIS leaps to his feet and starts choking MELISANDRE. She gasps painfully, grabbing his hands.  Show me. MELISANDRE removes her hands from his and raises them in surrender.  Where's your god now? Will he save you? Where is your god?  Inside you. STANNIS releases her suddenly and MELISANDRE falls to the follow, panting.  I murdered my brother. MELISANDRE walks over to STANNIS.  We murdered him. Share the weight with me.  He wasn't your brother. MELISANDRE caresses his head, soothingly.  This war has just begun. It will last for years. Thousands will die at your command. You will betray the men serving you. You will betray your family. You will betray everything you once held dear. And it will all be worth it because you are the Son of Fire. You are the Warrior of Light. You will sweep aside this pretender and that one. You will be king.  You promise these things, but you don't know. None of us know.  Let me show you. She leads him over to the fire.  Look into the fire, my king. Look.  I see fire.  Keep looking. Do you see? Do you see, my king? STANNIS stares into the fire. His eyes grow wide and his face softens. MELISANDRE rests her head on his shoulder.  Yes. THEON throws another log onto his fire, and sits before it, frustrated. A lone horn blows outside the gates of Winterfell.  I will kill that man. I don't care how many arrows they feather me with, how many spears they run through me, I will kill that horn-blowing cunt before I fall.  They want you to know you're surrounded.  I know I'm surrounded. I know that because I stood on the battlements and saw I was surrounded.  They don't want you to sleep. They want to sap your spirit before  Thank you, wise bald man. Thank you for explaining siege tactics to me. The horn continues.  No word from my father?  No. LUWIN crosses the room, and rests.  Send more ravens.  You killed all the ravens.  The first time I saw Winterfell The horn blows again. THEON rolls his eyes in anger.  First time I saw Winterfell, it looked like something that had been here for thousands of years and would be here for thousands of years after I was dead. I saw it and I thought, "Of course, Ned Stark crushed our rebellion and killed my brothers. "We never stood a chance against the man who lives here."  Lord Stark went out of his way to make it your home.  Yes, my captors were so very kind to me. You love reminding me of that. Everyone in this frozen pile of shit has always loved reminding me of that. You know what it's like to be told how lucky you are to be someone's prisoner? To be told how much you owe them? And then to go back home to your real father The horn sounds again. THEON gets up in a fury. He shakes his fist at the window.  I will kill that man. I swear to the Drowned God, the Old Gods, the New Gods, to every fucking god in every fucking heaven, I will kill that man.  Theon, listen to me. I serve Winterfell. Now Winterfell is yours. I'm bound by oath to serve you.  And what's your counsel, trusted friend?  Run.  Five hundred Northmen wait outside the walls. You have 20 men. You can't win. Wait for nightfall and run.  There's nowhere to run. I'd never make it back to the Iron Islands. And even if I did, even if by some miracle I slipped through the lines and made it home, I'd be a coward. The Greyjoy who ran. The shame of the family. THEON sits again.  Don't go home. Join the Night's Watch. LUWIN leans over THEON's shoulder.  Once a man has taken the black, he's beyond reach of the law. All his past crimes are forgiven.  I won't make it to the Wall. I won't make it 10 feet past the Winterfell gates.  There are ways. Hidden passageways built so the Lords of Winterfell could escape. The road will be dangerous. But with a little luck... LUWIN faces THEON  The Night's Watch is an ancient, honorable order. You'll have opportunities there. THOEN rises.  The opportunity for Jon Snow to cut my throat in my sleep.  The opportunity to make amends for what you've done.  I've done a lot, haven't I? Things I never imagined myself doing.  I've known you many years, Theon Greyjoy. You're not the man you're pretending to be. Not yet.  You may be right. But I've gone too far to pretend to be anything else. LUWIN comforts him with a gentle pat on the shoulder. THEON stands in the Winterfell courtyard, addressing his men.  You hear that? That's the mating call of the Northmen. They want to fuck us. Well, I haven't had a good fuck in weeks. I'm ready for one. The ironborn men laugh  They say every ironborn man is worth a dozen from the mainland.  Aye!  You think they're right?  Aye.  We die today, brothers. We die bleeding from 100 wounds with arrows in our necks and spears in our guts, but our war cries will echo through eternity. They will sing about the battle of Winterfell until the Iron Islands have slipped beneath the waves. Every man, woman and child will know who we were and how long we stood. Aggar and Gelmarr, Wex and Urzen, Stygg and Black Lorren. Ironborn warriors will cry out our names as they leap onto the shores of Seagard and Faircastle.  Aye!  Mothers will name their sons for us.  Aye!  Girls will think of us with their lovers inside them.  Aye!  And whoever kills that fucking horn-blower will stand in bronze above the shores of Pyke!  Aye!  What is dead may never die!  What is dead may never die! DAGMER hits THEON on the back of the head, knocking him unconscious. The ironborn watch him fall.  Thought he'd never shut up.  It was a good speech. Didn't want to interrupt. A man placed a hood over THEON's head. LUWIN enters.  What is this? What are you doing? DAGMER stabs LUWIN in the gut with his spear. LUWIN crumbles to the ground, groaning in sharp pain.  Let's go home.  Come on. DAGMER and the ironborn exit, dragging THEON with them. LUWIN collapses. TYRION sits in bed, his face still bandaged  Why should I believe you?  Why would I lie about it?  To create strife between my sister and me.  Where before there was nothing but love. Ser Mandon Moore tried to kill you on your sister's orders. If it weren't for your squire's bravery, you'd be a dead man.  Pod.  Yes, my lord?  Would it be excessive of me to ask you to save my life twice in a week?  No, my lord.  You're a good lad. Get Bronn, tell him I want four of his most loyal gold cloaks outside my door at all times.  (nods)  I'm afraid your friend has been relieved of his command of the City Watch. The gold cloaks are now firmly in the hands of your father or your sister. It varies from cloak to cloak.  Then my hill tribesmen.  Have gone home. Your father paid them quite handsomely. I'm afraid we won't be seeing each other for some time, my lord.  Don't want to swim too close to a drowning man? And I thought we were friends.  We are. Podrick, would you mind? PODRICK opens the door and SHAE enters briskly. She comes to TYRION's side and sits.  There are many who know that without you this city faced certain defeat. The king won't give you any honors, the histories won't mention you, but we will not forget. VARYS bows.  Come along now, Podrick. VARYS and PODRICK exit.  My love.  It was good of you to come.  Good of me? Of course I come. SHAE reaches to adjust TYRION's bandages, but he prevents her.  I want to see you.  Believe me, you don't.  Have you looked?  (shakes his head)  I will be the first. She removes the bandages. They stick to the deep wound across TYRION's cheek. He grunts in pain. SHAE takes in the wreck of his cheek.  Well?  You are a mess.  I'm a monster as well as a dwarf. You should charge me double.  You think I'm here for money?  That was the arrangement we made. I pay you and you lie to me.  Oh. I'm a poor little rich man and nobody loves me, so I make jokes all the time and pay them to laugh. Fuck your money. Let's leave.  Leave?  Leave King's Landing. They tried to kill you. They will try again. Going into wars, fighting soldiers, you're terrible at this. Let's take a boat to Pentos and never come back. You don't belong here.  What would we do in Pentos?  Eat, drink, fuck, live.  I want to go with you.  So do it. Your father, your sister, all these bad people, they can't stop you. Forget about them. Come with me.  I can't. I do belong here. These bad people are what I'm good at. Outtalking them, outthinking them. It's what I am. And I like it. I like it more than anything I've ever done. Are you going to leave?  You have a shit memory. I am yours and you are mine. TYRION bursts into tears. SHAE envelops him in her arms. TYRION holds her as well. A SEPTON marries ROBB and TALISA to one another.  In the sight of the Seven, I hereby seal these two souls, binding them as one for eternity. Look upon one another and say the words.  Father, smith, warrior, mother ,maiden, crone, stranger.  Father, smith, warrior, mother ,maiden, crone, stranger.  I am hers and she is mine from this day until the end of my days.  I am his and he is mine from this day until the end of my days. They kiss. DAENERYS, JORAH and KOVARRO walk through a garden. It is known.  (dothraki) A house of ghosts, Khaleesi. They come to the base of the House of the Undying.  Where are the guards?  No guards. The warlocks kill with sorcery, not steel.  Let them try. They ascend the first flight of stairs, and gaze up to the top of the tower. They cannot find an entrance.  Is this a riddle? They circle the base. DAENERYS disappears from JORAH's view. He encounters KOVARRO instead.  Khaleesi! Khaleesi! DAENERYS stands in darkness. She picks up a torch from the wall.  Are you trying to frighten me with magic tricks? You want me? Here I am. Are you afraid of a little girl? A dragon screeches. DAENERYS follows the sound up a stairwell. ARYA, GENDRY and HOT PIE trek through the Shadowlands. High above them, JAQEN stands atop a steep cliff.  How did he find us? As they pass to the other side of the cliff, JAQEN disappears. Suddenly, he is at ground level, next to ARYA.  What are you doing here?  Waiting for you.  How did you know we'd come this way? They begin to walk.  After all the things you have seen, this is your question?  How did you kill those guards? Was it hard?  No harder than taking a new name, if you know the way. Show me how. I want to be able to do it, too.  If you would learn, you must come with me.  Where?  Far and away across the Narrow Sea to Braavos.  My dancing master was from Braavos.  To be a dancing master is a special thing, but to be a faceless man, that is something else entirely. The girl has many names on her lips. Joffrey, Cersei, Tywin Lannister, llyn Payne, the Hound. Names to offer up to the Red God. She could offer them all one by one.  I want to. But I can't. I need to find my brother and mother. And my sister. I need to find her, too.  Then we must part. A man has duties as well. Here. He offers a coin.  What is it?  A coin of great value.  Could it buy a horse?  It is not meant for the buying of horses.  Then what good is it?  If the day comes when you must find me again, just give that coin to any man from Braavos and say these words to him, "Valar Morghulis."  Valar Morghulis. JAQEN begins to walk away  Please don't go, Jaqen.  Jaqen is dead. Say it again. Valar Morghulis.  Valar Morghulis.  Good. JAQEN turns away and touches his hand to his face. When he turns back, his face has changed completely.  Farewell, Arya Stark. JAQEN exits. OSHA, BRAN, HODOR and RICKON leave their hiding place and enter the courtyard.  Osha, what are you doing? They walk through the smouldering courtyard, among bodies and wreckage. They spy Summer and Shaggydog, whimpering in an alcove. BRAN commands HODOR to bring him that way. LUWIN lays by the godswood, dying. HODOR, BRAN, OSHA and RICKON walk toward him. Rickon starts to run, and OSHA cannot catch him. LUWIN reaches out, happy to see him and BRAN. RICKON notices the great bloodstain on LUWIN's shirt.  Tell us what medicine to get from your chambers.  We'll make you better. LUWIN I feel just fine.  (cries)  They burned it down. They burned everything.  Not everything. Not you. But they may come back. You have to go. Put on your warmest clothes. Pack as much food as you can carry and go north.  North's the wrong way. And mother and brother are south. We don't know where.  There are too many enemies in the south. Go to the Wall, to Jon. He'll look after you and let your mother know you're safe.  I don't want to leave you.  No more than I want to leave you. I pulled you into the world. Both of you. I've seen both your faces almost every day since. And for that, I consider myself very, very lucky. Go now with Hodor. Go on. I'll be right here. The four of them get up to leave, but OSHA steps back.  Osha. You must protect them. You're the only one who can. You may have to protect them against your own kind.  I've got no great love for my own kind. I'll get you milk of the poppy. Tell me where to find it. LUWIN I don't want milk of the poppy. OSHA shows LUWIN her knife, and he nods his asent.  Do it quickly. OSHA draws her blade while looking LUWIN in the eyes. Summer and Shaggydog walk across the fields. OSHA, RICKON, HODOR and BRAN follow. BRAN is in a cart. Behind them, Winterfell burns. DAENERYS continues to search for her dragons. She follows the sound of their screeching through a door. She looks down into a pit before trying a door on the opposite side of the chamber. She goes through and the wind whistles. The large chamber has a broken roof, and snow falls. She sets down her torch, and ascends to a stage with a throne. Dragons screech again, and she does not touch the snowy throne. She walks toward the noises, and a large portal door opens before her. She exits, finding herself in a land of snow and ice. She sees a lone tent in the distance. She walks to it. DROGO sits, holding their son Rhaego  (dothraki) Moon of my life. DAENERYS cannot believe her eyes. She walks closer.  (dothraki) This is dark magic, like the magic that took you from me. Took you from me before I could even Maybe I am dead and I just don't know it yet. Maybe I am with you in the Night Lands.  (dothraki) Or maybe I refused to enter the Night Lands without you. Maybe I told the Great Stallion to go fuck himself and came back here to wait for you.  That sounds like something you would do. DAENERYS sits next to DROGO, and she caresses RHAEGO's head.  (dothraki) Or maybe it is a dream. Your dream, my dream I do not know. These are questions for wise men with skinny arms. DROGO And DAENERYS stare deeply into one another's eyes.  (dothraki) You are the moon of my life. That is all I know and all I need to know. They touch foreheads and DROGO caresses her face, gently.  (dothraki) And if this is a dream I will kill the man who tries to wake me. DAENERYS looks down at RHAEGO. Dragons screech.  Until the sun rises in the west and sets in the east, until the rivers run dry and the mountains blow in the wind like leaves. She caresses DROGO's face and touches RHAEGO one more time. Then DAENERYS gets up a quickly walks away. DROGO is heartbroken. When DAENERYS leaves the tent, she finds herself back in the House of the Undying. Her three dragons sit on a pedestal. They call out to her, excited. She walks closer, and holds out a hand for them  They miss their mother. DAENERYS turns around, startled. Behind her, another PYATT PREE clone watches while she looks at the one who spoke. The two PYATTs share the dialog, speaking with one mind.  They want to be with you.  Do you want to be with them?  You will be.  When your dragons were born,  our magic was born again.  It is strongest in their presence.  And they are strongest in yours. A third PYATT PREE appears in an alcove.  You will be with them, through winter, summer, winter again. Across a thousand, thousand seasons you will be with them. The sound of chains turning starts to her right.  And we will be with you until time comes to an end. DAENERYS finds that her wrist is chained. PYATT PREE tightens the chain that binds her. DAENERYS is confused. Another PYATT PREE pulls on a chain now attached to her other wrist. Her arms are now outstreched and straining.  Welcome home, Daenerys Stormborn.  This is not my home. My home is across the sea, where my people are waiting for me.  They will be waiting a long time. DAENERYS turns to look at her dragons. PYATT PREE peers down at them. DAENERYS turns back to the warlock.  Dracarys. The dragons breath smoke. Then one spurts out a burp of fire. It catches PYATT PREE's sleeve, and he starts to panic. All three dragons spit fire, past DAENERYS who experiences the ecstasy of the fire. PYATT PREE is consumed by flame. He screams horrible, and falls to the ground. DAENERYS looks back to her dragons. The chains break.  We should be there by sundown. Won't be a fun night for you. Mance knows how to make crows sing. If you know what to say, you might just make it through the night. Not talking's not the way to go.  Careful with that. You might cut yourself. YGRITTE swings the sword again, JON feints and she misses.  Never swung a sword before, have you? You look like a baby with a rattle.  Enough of that! YGRITTE challenges JON. QHORIN uses the distraction to punch his captor in the face, and steal his sword. He pushes by RATTLESHIRT and attacks JON. JON falls.  Stop! Two wildlings hold QHORIN back.  Why, traitor? So you can give Mance Rayder an invitation to Castle Black?  Let 'em fight. YGRITTE drops JON's sword for him. The wildlings release QHORIN, who charges at JON. He tries to grab his sword while scrambling away from the attack. He gets to his feet, and they battle convincingly. QUORIN forces JON to stumble into two wildlings, who push him back into the fight.  That's it? That's what you can do? You little shit. QHORIN attacks again. JON counters.  Your traitor father teach you that? JON goes on the attack, but QHORIN parries.  Or was it your whore mother? QHORIN headbutts JON, who falls. He gathers himself and charges, disarming QHORIN. He runs Quorin through.  We are the watchers on the Wall. QHORIN falls, dead.  You can tell Mance that's the man who killed Qhorin Halfhand. Rattleshirt takes the sword from JON, and then slices through his bounds.  Burn the body.  Aye.  You don't want this one coming back for you. RATTLESHIRT exits and YGRITTE comes to JON's side.  Come along, Jon Snow. They walk together to the edge of the cliff.  Time to meet the King-beyond-the-Wall. She walks down the slope. JON looks back to see the wildlings burning QHORIN's body. He follows YGRITTE. XARO sleeps with DOREAH next to him. A curved sword hooks his amulet and steals it away. XARO awakes startled and sits up.  What the JORAH, DAENERYS, KOVARRO and the Dothraki have entered his bedroom. DOREAH sits up next to XARO  Khaleesi, please. He said you'd never leave Qarth alive.  Come. DAENERYS turns and walks. XARO makes a sudden move, but JORAH draws his sword and keeps him motionless. KOVARRO uses the amulet to open the vault's door. JORAH helps him to open the door. DAENERYS enters first. The vault is empty.  Nothing. She turns around  Thank you, Xaro Xhoan Daxos. Thank you for teaching me this lesson. The Dothraki push XARO and DOREAH forward into the vault.  I am king of Qarth. I can help you now, truly help you. We can take the Iron Throne. I'll bring you a thousand ships.  Please, Khaleesi, I beg you.  All that you have dreamed is within your reach! The Dothraki close the vault door behind the pair.  I beg you, please!  Khaleesi.  Please! Please!  Khaleesi! JORAH shuts the door and locks it. He hands the amulet key to DAENERYS. They are looking for things to loot.  It's all a lie. DAENERYS hands him a golden vase.  Looks real enough to me. Real enough to buy a ship?  Aye, a small ship. DAENERYS walks away.  (dothraki) Take all the gold and jewels. The Dothraki cheer, and being to loot the palace. DAENERYS walks lovingly with her dragons. GRENN, EDDISON TOLLETT and SAM continue to labor in the cold and snow.  I thought we were coming north to fight wildlings. GRENN finds a piece of dung.  Is this goat? EDDISON TOLLETT takes it, placing it in his basket.  It's moose. People shouldn't live anywhere you need to burn shit to keep warm.  Well, you see a tree, let me know. They continue to dig.  If you step back and think about it, the thing about Gilly that's so interesting is  Just bloody kill me.  No, truly. The thing about her that I find so interesting is that after all that Craster's done to her, she's still got hope that life might get better.  The thing about Gilly that you find so interesting is that she said six words to you.  And the thing about you that I find so interesting is absolutely nothing. A horn blows in the distance.  It's Jon and the Halfhand. They're back. The horn blows again  Two blasts is wildlings. You're not fighting them alone. The horn blows a third time.  Come on.  Three blasts?  Run! GRENN and EDDISON TOLLETT flee. SAM is slower to follow.  Wait! Wait for me! SAM falls, spilling his basket.  Grenn! GRENN and EDDISON TOLLETT are running further away, not waiting or helping.  Edd! SAM stands. There is a high-pitches squeal. SAM sees figures coming towards him. He hides behind a large boulder. The figures comple closer, walking slowly. They are undead and decaying with blue eyes. An undead horse stops next to sam. A white walker rides it, and he notices SAM. SAM begins to sob. The white walker shrieks and orders his undead followers forward. There are scores of them, a seemingly endless onslaught. Another white walker is mounted behind. He also gives the order forward. Thunder rumbles through the darkness. It is raining at the gold cloak encampment. Two gold cloaks are arguing over who is the best fighter.  It's got to be the Mountain. He's the biggest. He's the strongest.  Bulls are bigger than lions. Doesn't mean I'd pick a bull in a fight.  If the bull had fangs and claws, I would. Right, the Mountain or our man Jaime.  If he ever gets out.  Loras Tyrell?  Loras Tyrell. He's prettier than the Queen.  I don't care about pretty. He's better with a sword than any of them.  How good could he be? He's been stabbing Renly Baratheon for years, and Renly ain't dead. They laugh, and a horse neighs nervously.  The horses seem a little spooked to you? They're horses.  They get spooked by their own shadows.  Shh. Do you hear that?  No.  There's something out there. The soldiers both stand to investigate the darkness. They move forward cautiously, until RENNICK lets out a loud fart. GUARD #1 jumps, and RENNICK laughs raucously.  Oh. Oh, you're a right little prick. You should see your face.  I swear you pissed yourself. "Oh, who goes there? Ahh!"  There is something out there.  Yeah, don't even try me.  Rennick.  Do you think I'm an idiot?  Rennick! GUARD #1 draws his sword. A direwolf leaps from the darkness and attacks RENNICK. The camera focuses on ROBB's face in the darkness as RENNICK screams. ROBB and his northern men sit quietly on their horses, listening as a pack of wolves descends upon the Lannister men.  King in the North!  The King in the North! The northern forces have completed their assault on the emcampment. The camera pans across bodies and wounded men in the mist. Horses niegh and soldiers cry out in pain. ROOSE and ROBB walk through the aftermath, followed by a handful of northern soldiers.  Five Lannisters dead for every one of ours. They're dead. Take everything they've got. We've nowhere to keep all these prisoners. Barely enough food to feed our own.  We're not executing prisoners, Lord Bolton.  Of course, Your Grace. The officers will be useful. Some of them may be privy to Tywin Lannister's plans.  I doubt it.  Well, we'll learn soon enough. In my family, we say, "A naked man has few secrets. "A flayed man none."  My father outlawed flaying in the North.  We're not in the North.  We're not torturing them.  The high road's very pretty, but you'll have a hard time marching your army down it.  The Lannisters hold prisoners of their own. I won't give them an excuse to abuse my sisters.  No, don't! Don't! Please!  Shhh A WOUNDED SOLDIER struggles as TALISA removes his tattered pants and tries to tend his bloody legs while another woman tries to help.  The rot's set in.  No, don't! No, don't!  Shh.  Please, don't! It'll get better. It doesn't even hurt.  The rot will spread. If we don't take the foot now  No, you can't! ROBB approaches, looking concerned as he struggles. ROBB kneels and holds the man down.  Ser! Please, ser. I can't lose  You'll die if she doesn't.  I don't want to be a cripple, please.  Surely one of our men needs your attention more than this cub.  Your men are not my men, my lord.  Put this in your mouth and lie down. You don't want to watch.  No! You can't!  Bite on it. It's better than biting your own tongue, believe me. ROBB holds the WOUNDED SOLDIER down as TALISA saws off his foot. He screams through the gag that ROBB placed in his mouth. Robb watches the resigned TALISA saw through, impressed by her resolve. A mounted soldier rides slowly, carrying the Stark banner. TALISA readies the cart, carrying a wounded man. It starts forward, and TALISA looks exhausted. ROBB looks over at her. She notices, and turns. ROBB approaches.  What's your name?  Talisa.  Your last name?  You want to know what side my family fights on?  You know my family name. You have me at a disadvantage.  That boy lost his foot on your orders.  They killed my father.  That boy did?  The family he fights for.  Do you think he's friends with King Joffrey? He's a fisherman's son that grew up near Lannisport. He probably never held a spear before they shoved one in his hands a few months ago.  I have no hatred for the lad.  That should help his foot grow back. TALISA walks away in frustration, carrying a heavy pail. ROBB follows.  You'd have us surrender, end all this bloodshed. I understand. The country would be at peace and life would be just under the righteous hand of good King Joffrey.  You're going to kill Joffrey?  If the gods give me strength.  And then what?  I don't know. We'll go back to Winterfell. I have no desire to sit on the Iron Throne.  So who will?  I don't know.  You're fighting to overthrow a king, and yet you have no plan for what comes after?  First we have to win the war. Frustrated, TALISA climbs onto a horse's cart, and signals it to start off.  You never told me where you're from.  Volantis.  Volantis? You're far from home. The boy was lucky you were here.  He was unlucky that you were. TALISA rides away, and they both watch one another as she gets further and further away. JOFFREY aims a crossbow at a kneeling SANSA while the HOUND stands by.  You're here to answer for your brother's latest treasons.  Your Grace, whatever my traitor brother has done, I had no part. You know that. I beg you, please  Ser Lancel, tell her of this outrage. LANCEL address the room, which is taken aback by his recounting.  Using some vile sorcery, your brother fell on Stafford Lannister with an army of wolves. Thousands of good men were butchered. After the slaughter, the Northmen feasted on the flesh of the slain.  Killing you would send your brother a message.  (Cries.)  But my mother insists on keeping you alive. Stand. So we'll have to send your brother a message some other way. Meryn. MERYN TRANT approaches SANSA.  Leave her face. I like her pretty. SANSA looks aghast at JOFFREY. MERYN punches her full-force in the stomach and she doubles over in pain. JOFFREY looks on cruelly as MERYN cuts SANSA's legs out from under her. She falls to the floor, wailing.  Meryn, my lady is overdressed. Unburden her. MERYN rips SANSA's dress from the back. She cries in anguish.  If you want Robb Stark to hear us, we're going to have to speak louder. MERYN raises his sword to hit SANSA.  What is the meaning of this? MERYN holds, while TYRION and BRONN enter the throne room. JOFFREY looks worried.  What kind of knight beats a helpless girl?  The kind who serves his king, Imp.  Careful, now. We don't want to get blood all over your pretty white cloak.  Someone get the girl something to cover herself with. She is to be your queen. Have you no regard for her honor?  I'm punishing her.  For what crimes? She did not fight her brother's battle, you half-wit.  You can't talk to me like that. The king can do as he likes!  The Mad King did as he liked. Has your Uncle Jaime ever told you what happened to him?  No one threatens His Grace in the presence of the Kingsguard.  I'm not threatening the king, ser. I am educating my nephew. Bronn, the next time Ser Meryn speaks, kill him. That was a threat. See the difference? MERYN stares daggers at TYRION. TYRION approaches SANSA and offers his hand. She takes it and stands. They walk out together.  I apologize for my nephew's behavior. Tell me the truth. Do you want an end to this engagement?  I am loyal to King Joffrey, my one true love.  Lady Stark, you may survive us yet. TYRION watches SANSA walk out of the chamber, in admiration of her strength and clever response.  The little king's backed up. Clogged from balls to brains.  You think dipping his wick will cure what ails him?  There's no cure for being a cunt. But the boy's at that age. And he's got nothing to do all day but pick wings off flies. Couldn't hurt to get some of the poison out. The HOUND stands in the hallway. JOFFREY enters.  What are you doing here, dog?  Your uncle left your nameday present and asked me to see that you got it.  And? What is it?  Look inside, Your Grace. JOFFREY enters his chambers to find ROS and DAISY waiting for him.  Your Grace.  Happy nameday, Your Grace.  My nameday has passed.  We won't tell if you won't. She moves to remove Joffrey's pants. He rebuffs her.  No. Her. Touch her. ROS undresses DAISY, who stands upon a table. They both giggle, and the second prostitute begins to kiss and fondle the other's stomach. JOFFREY watches, intrigued.  Could you hit her? They giggle, and the first prostitute comes down to the floor and presents her ass. The second prostitute spanks her playfully.  My uncle sent you?  Yes, Your Grace. He chose us himself.  Hmm. JOFFREY comes closer and presents his large belt to ROS.  Use this. ROS hesitates, but takes it. She swings firmly, and ROS reacts, surprised but still enjoying the pain.  Harder. DAISY looks worried. ROS hits her with more force, and she cries in pain. DAISY seems disgusted with herself. JOFFREY grabs her chin, roughly.  I said harder. He'd want me to get his money's worth. ROS nods meekly. JOFFREY steps away. The spanking begins agian, harder than before. DAISY screams in pain. After multiple spankings, DAISY scrambles onto the bed, crying. Joffrey presents a mace to DAISY, who takes it.  Your Grace, too much pain will spoil the pleasure. JOFFREY cranks his crossbow. DAISY whimpers and shakes her head in fear. JOFFREY finishes setting the bow.  Please, Your Grace.  Your Grace, if your uncle finds out  Oh, I want him to find out. You will bring her to his chambers when you're finished and show him what you've done, or the same thing will happen to you. JOFFREY threatens her with the loaded crossbow. She pauses.  Begin. DAISY begins to cry, and then ROS commences the painful beating with the mace, and the other girl responds with screams of agony.  Harder! RENLY's war camp is bustling. He walks up to LITTLEFINGER, who awaits him.  Well, if it isn't my favorite whoremonger. Pray I haven't kept you waiting long.  Your Grace.  Now you do the Lannisters' bidding, is that it? Tell me, was my brother's body even cold before you secured your newest patron?  I'm a practical man.  Just not a loyal one.  And who would you have me be loyal to? Your brother's corpse?  I don't like you, Lord Baelish. I don't like your face. I don't like the words that come oozing out of your mouth. I don't want you in my tent one minute more than necessary. So tell me, why are you here? LITTLEFINGER's eyes shift to BRIENNE.  You can trust Brienne. Her loyalty comes without charge.  You still have many friends at court, Your Grace, many who believe Ned Stark erred by not supporting your claim. RENLY takes an apple and sits down.  Now I understand. You know I have the numbers. You know I'm marching on King's Landing. When I take the throne, you hope to retain your position. And your head.  I would give priority to my head.  (snorts)  I understand that you don't like me, and while that saddens me greatly, I did not come here today seeking your affection. When you march on King's Landing, you may find yourself facing a protracted siege or open gates. RENLY ponders LITTLEFINGER's implications. LITTLEFINGER stands my a fire, warming himself. LORAS and MARGAERY appreach. LORAS peels off into a nearby tent while MARGAERY walks past LITTLEFINGER. He follows her.  Your Grace.  Lord Baelish.  All of these tents look the same to me. -Would you be so kind  It would be my pleasure. It took me weeks to learn my way around the camp. Twice I walked in on officers in stages of undress. And the moment I learn which tent is mine, we're on the move again.  "Your tent"? Not "Our tent"? The king snores, perhaps? Or simply prefers solitude? Pressures of command, no doubt. Four kings vying for the throne.  I am not tutored in warfare, but basic arithmetic favors the side with the greater numbers.  If war were arithmetic, the mathematicians would rule the world. I did notice your brother entering His Grace's tent just now.  The place of a Kingsguard is by the king's side.  And on the night of your wedding, who was by the king's side then?  You seem quite interested in our marriage.  Your marriage is quite interesting. Not only to me, but to the realm. The marriage of a wealthy girl always breeds interest, if nothing else.  You've never married, have you?  I've been unlucky in my affections, sadly.  That is sad. Though perhaps it's for the best. The whole notion of marriage seems to confuse you, so allow me to explain. My husband is my king, and my king is my husband. Here is your tent, Lord Baelish. Good night. MARGAERY walks away and LITTLEFINGER bows in respect, then ponders. A lone horseman, KOVARRO, rides trots through the desert towards DAENERYS, who looks lethargic and desperate.  (Valerian) This isn't your horse. KOVARRO dismounts.  (Valerian) It was given to me by the Thirteen. The Elders of Qarth.  (Valerian) Qarth?  (Valerian) Three days to the east, on the sea.  (Valerian) Will they let us in?  (Valerian) They said they would be honored to receive the Mother of Dragons. DAENERYS turns to JORAH.  What do you know of this place?  Only that the desert around their walls is called the Garden of Bones. Every time the Qartheen shut their gates on a traveler, the garden grows. ARYA, GENDRY, HOT PIE and the other Night's Watch recruits are being led towards a misted, ruined Castle. There are groans and screams of pain as the recruits walk, their hands bound.  Go on!  You, keep moving!  Bring her about!  What kind of fire melts stone?  Dragon fire.  There's dragons here?  No, all the dragons are dead.  What's that smell?  Dead people.  Move. Some prisoners are in chains. There are more screams of pain and the prisoners look dejected. Sounds of torture can be heard in the distance while ARYA, GENRY and HOT PIE listen in horror.  Please, please, no, no! No. There is a cranking of chains, then a thud. The screaming has stopped.  He's dead. He was my son. My sister was three days ago. My husband, the day before that.  They take someone every day?  (nods)  Does anyone live? The WOMAN does not answer, and ARYA looks down, hopelessly. She and GENDRY share a glance. It is nighttime and raining. ARYA lies in the mud.  Joffrey. Cersei. llyn Payne. The Hound. Joffrey. Cersei. llyn Payne. The Hound. Joffrey. Cersei. llyn Payne. The Hound. CATELYN sits in her tent. LITTLEFINGER enters, and she rises.  How dare you?  You may have heard false reports.  You betrayed Ned.  Betrayed? I wanted him to serve as Protector of the Realm. I begged him to seize the moment. I trusted you. My husband trusted you. And you repaid our faith with treachery.  No, my lady.  Get out!  Cat, I've I've loved you since I was a boy. It seems to me that fate has given us this chance CATELYN draws a knife, threateningly. LITTLEFINGER pauses, thinking.  Have you lost your mind? Get out!  Do you want to see your girls again? Sansa, more beautiful than ever? And Arya, just as wild as ever?  You have Arya, too?  Both girls are healthy and safe. For now. But you know the Queen and you know Joffrey. I fear for their longevity if they remain in the capital. CATELYN ponders, then lowers the knife and places it down.  What do you want?  The Lannisters will trade your daughters for the Kingslayer.  Of course they will. Jaime Lannister for two girls? Robb will never agree to those terms.  I'm not bringing these terms to him. I'm bringing them to you.  You think I keep secrets from my son?  Robb has surprised them all with his skills in battle, but he's not a mother. Consider it, Cat. You may not get another chance. I've brought you a gift.  I don't want your gifts. A token of Tyrion Lannister's goodwill. He wants you to understand that this exchange of prisoners is offered in good faith. Two servants enter and place down something heavy.  Good faith? The servants bow and leave. CATELYN looks ashenly at LITTLEFINGER as she comes to realize what is in the chest before her.  What's this? CATELYN kneels slowly over the chest and opens it. She looks down, sadly.  Your husband was an honorable man. He should rest beside his family in the crypts beneath Winterfell. You may not believe  Get out. Speechless, LITTLEFINGER leaves. CATELYN begins to cry. She slams the chest closed. ARYA sleeps on the cold, wet ground. Soldiers wake up the prisoners with banging and shouting.  Get up, you dogs! The recruits stand up as the soldiers move through the camp. The MOUNTAIN strides into camp.  That's him, the one who picks.  The Mountain. What are you doing?  He told me he stares at him every day. That's why he doesn't get picked. The MOUNTAIN looks over the crowd. Most people look down, but HOT PIE meets his gaze, as does another PRISONER. The MOUNTAIN picks that PRISONER.  You.  Move, boy! Move! HOT PIE is shocked and pisses himself for having listened to the other man. The PRISONER is strapped into a chair, his neck and extremities bound. Panic fills his eyes as they tighten the straps and the TICKLER begins his inquisition.  Is there gold and silver in the village?  I don't know.  Gems?  I didn't see any.  Where is the Brotherhood?  I don't know. The TICKLER gives permission to begin the torture. A SOLDIER pulls out a squealing rat and places it into a bucket. The PRISONER's panic rises.  Where is the Brotherhood?  I don't know. Please.  Where is the Brotherhood?  I don't know. The SOLDIER attaches the bucket to the PRISONER's chest.  Which of the villagers aided them? I don't know.  Who?  I - The TICKLER nods to the SOLDIER, who pulls a flaming torch out of the fire.  Who?  I never saw. Please. Please, stop. Please, it's starting to The rat start to chew on the PRISONER's chest. His eyes widen in pain and panic.  Who?  I didn't see anyone help him. Take it off! Take it off!  Who helped him?  Ganes, the butcher, - and his son.  That's better. You've been very helpful.  No, stop, please! What are you doing? Please, stop! Please, stop! The SOLDIER holds the flame to the bucket, and the rat trapped inside shrieks in constant fear.  No! No! I told you everything! No! No! The TICKLER looks on without pity. ARYA lies in the dark as rain falls.  Joffrey. Cersei. llyn Payne. The Hound.  Please, Polliver. Some food. Just a crust of bread. POLIVER punches the WOMAN and she collapses, crying. He then continues walking.  Polliver. The Mountain. RENLY's bannermen sit astride their horses on a cliffside, next to the sea. A strong wind blows. The camera zooms in to show a meeting of the Baratheon Brothers RENLY, CATELYN, LORAS and BRIENNE facing STANNIS, DAVOS and MELISANDRE  Lady Stark, I had not thought to find you in the Stormlands.  I had not thought to be here, Lord Stannis.  Can that truly be you?  Who else might it be?  When I saw your standard, I couldn't be sure. Whose banner is that?  My own.  I suppose if we used the same one, the battle would be terribly confusing. Why is your stag on fire?  The king has taken for his sigil the fiery heart of the Lord of Light.  Ah, you must be this fire priestess we hear so much about. Mmm, brother, now I understand why you found religion in your old age.  Watch yourself, Renly.  No, no, I'm relieved. I never really believed you were a fanatic. Charmless, rigid, a bore, yes, but not a godly man.  You should kneel before your brother. He's the Lord's chosen, born amidst salt and smoke.  Born amidst salt and smoke? - Is he a ham?  That's twice I've warned you.  Listen to yourselves. If you were sons of mine, I would knock your heads together and lock you in a bedchamber until you remembered that you were brothers.  It is strange to find you beside my brother, Lady Stark. Your husband was a supporter of my claim. Lord Eddard's integrity cost him his head. And you sit beside this pretender and chastise me.  We share a common enemy.  The Iron Throne is mine by right. All those that deny that are my foes.  The whole realm denies it, from Dorne to the Wall. Old men deny it with their death rattle and unborn children deny it in their mother's wombs. No one wants you for their king. You never wanted any friends, brother. But a man without friends is a man without power.  For the sake of the mother who bore us, I will give you this one night to reconsider. Strike your banners, come to me before dawn, and I will grant you your old seat in the Council. I'll even name you my heir until a son is born to me. Otherwise I shall destroy you. RENLY quickly considers the offer.  Look across those fields, brother. Can you see all those banners?  You think a few bolts of cloth will make you king?  No. The men holding those bolts of cloth will make me king.  We shall see, Renly. Come the dawn, we shall see.  Look to your sins, Lord Renly. The night is dark and full of terrors. STANNIS and his party ride off.  Would you believe I loved him once? RENLY spurs his mount and his party heads in the opposite direction. DAENERYS and her Dothraki sit outside the gates of Qarth. The gates are closed.  I thought we were welcome.  If you heard a Dothraki horde was approaching your city, you might do the same, Khaleesi.  Horde? QARTH soldiers line up outside the gate, at attention. A group of thirteen emissaries from the city walk forward from the gates. A plump SPICE KING leads the group.  My name is Daenerys  Daenerys Stormborn of the house Targaryen.  You know me, my lord?  Only by reputation, Khaleesi. And I'm no lord, merely a humble merchant. They call you the Mother of Dragons.  And what should I call you?  Oh, my name is quite long and quite impossible for foreigners to pronounce. I am simply a trader of spices. But we are the Thirteen, charged with the governance and protection of Qarth, the greatest city that ever was or will be.  The beauty of Quarth is legendary SPICE KING Qarth.  Qarth.  Might we see the dragons? DAENERYS looks back to the woven chest that holds the dragons on top of one of their horses. She is nervous, and a bit desperate.  My friend, we have traveled very far. We have no food, no water. Once I see my people fed, I would be honored  Forgive me, Mother of Dragons, but no man alive has seen a living dragon. Some of my more skeptical friends refuse to believe your children even exist. All we ask is the chance to see for ourselves.  I am not a liar.  Oh, I don't think you are. But as I've never met you before, my opinion on the matter is of limited value.  Where I come from, guests are treated with respect, not insulted at the gates.  Then perhaps you should return to where you come from. We wish you well. The SPICE KING turns and walks away. DAENERYS steps follows with indignation, and he turns back around.  What are you doing? You promised to receive me.  We have received you. Here we are, and here you are.  If you do not let us in, all of us will die.  Which we shall deeply regret. But Qarth did not become the greatest city that ever was or will be by letting Dothraki savages through its gates. The SPICE KING continues to the thirteen, and they begin their walk back into Qarth.  Khaleesi, please be careful. DAENERYS finds her resolve and steps forward. The soldiers react by leaning their spears forward in unison, clearly a warning.  Thirteen! When my dragons are grown, we will take back what was stolen from me and destroy those who have wronged me. We will lay waste to armies and burn cities to the ground. Turn us away and we will burn you first. The SPICE KING steps forward from the thirteen.  Ah. You are a true Targaryen. Only, as you said a moment ago, if we don't let you into the city, you will all die. And so XARO XHOAN DAXOS steps out from the back of the Thirteen.  Retreating in fear from a little girl is unbecoming of the greatest city that ever was or will be.  The discussion is over, Xaro Xhoan Daxos. The Thirteen have spoken.  I am one of the Thirteen, and I am still speaking.  The girl threatens to burn our city to the ground and you would invite her in for a cup of wine? She is the Mother of Dragons.  Do you expect her to watch her people starve without breathing fire? I believe we can allow a few Dothraki through our gates without dooming our city. After all, here I am, a savage from the Summer Isles, and Qarth still stands. DAENERYS recognizes that XARO is a potential ally, but the SPICE KING remains resolute.  Our decision is final.  Very well. I invoke soumai. The Thirteen react, looking between themselves. XARO draws his dagger, pointing downward and grabs the blade with his left hand. DAENERYS looks to JORAH for council.  I will vouch for her, her people, and her dragons, in accordance with the law. XARO pulls the dagger up, slicing his palm deeply. He displays the wound to the Thirteen.  Be it on your head.  Welcome to Qarth, my lady. The SPICE KING rejoins the Thirteen in frustration. XARO gestures a welcome to DAENERYS, and the gates open, noisily. DAENERYS and JORAH share a glance before the Dothraki band walk through the city gates. XARO joins her side. A soldier mounts the head of the tortured PRISONER on a spike and decends a ladder. The night's watch recruits are still captive in the ruined building. They hand their heads in subjugation, trying not to be noticed.  (to Gendry) You. GRENDRY and ARYA look at one another in panic. Soldiers grab GENDRY, and he is bound in the torture chair.  Is there gold or silver in the village?  I'm not from the village.  Where is the Brotherhood? The TICKLER sits, facing GENDRY while his SOLDIER stands menacingly at his side.  I don't know what that is. ARYA stares. The TICKLER nods to his helper to take action. The camera pans across the sullen crowd, including ARYA and HOT PIE. The SOLDIER places a rat in a bucket and straps it to GENDRY'S chest. TYWIN rides in, astride a white horse and flanked by gold coats. He looks around in disappointment. He is greeted by the MOUNTAIN.  You two. Take Lord Lannister's things to his quarters.  What's this? TYWIN dismounts while a soldiers takes the reigns of his horse. He then walks forward, inspecting the prisoners and their condition.  We weren't expecting you till tomorrow, Lord Tywin.  Evidently not. Why are these prisoners not in their cells?  Cells are overflowing, my lord.  This lot won't be here long. Don't need no permanent place. After we interrogate 'em, we usually just  Are we so well-manned that we can afford to discard able young bodies and skilled laborers? He gets no response. TYWIN continues to inspect the prisoners, and addresses GENDRY.  You, do you have a trade? ARYA sits, expressionless, trying not to be noticed.  Smith, my lord. POLLIVER notices ARYA's attention, and feels slighted. He draws his sword to threaten her.  What are you looking at? Kneel! Kneel or I'll carve your lungs out, boy. ARYA backs away, and TYWIN intervenes.  He'll do no such thing. This one's a girl, you idiot, dressed as a boy. Why?  Safer to travel, my lord.  Smart. More than I can say for this lot. Get these prisoners to work. Bring the girl. I need a new cupbearer.  My lord. TYRION answers the knocking on his door to find LANCEL LANNISTER.  Your visits are too few, cousin.  Her Grace, the Queen Regent, commands you to release Grand Maester Pycelle. Here's your warrant. LANCEL extends a scroll to TYRION, who takes it, unimpressed.  So it is. Will you take a cup with me? I find that mulled wine helps me sleep. TYRION steps into his chamber and pours himself a cup of wine.  I am here at Her Grace's behest, not to drink with you, Imp.  If my sister was so concerned for Pycelle, I would have thought she'd come herself. Instead she sends you. What am I to make of that?  I don't care what you make of it, so long as you release your prisoner immediately. LANCEL moves to leave, but TYRION does not let him.  And you've received these instructions directly from Cersei?  As I said several times.  And you've waited this long to deliver the information?  When the Queen Regent gives me a command, I carry it out without delay. TYRION ponders the scroll, while LANCEL stands over his desk, annoyed.  Cersei must have great trust in you, allowing you into her chamber during the hour of the wolf. LANCEL thinks carefully before responding.  The Queen Regent has a great many responsibilities. She often works from dusk till dawn.  She must be very glad to have you helping her from dusk till dawn. As TYRION walks past LANCEL, he catches a familiar aroma.  Ah. Lavender oil. She always loved lavender oil, even as a girl.  I am a knight!  An anointed knight, yes. Tell me, did Cersei have you knighted before or after she took you into her bed? What? Nothing to say? No more warnings for me, ser?  You will withdraw these filthy accusations.  Have you ever given any thought to what King Joffrey will have to say when he finds out you've been bedding his mother? LANCEL sits, and chokes out some frustration.  It's not my fault!  Did she take you against your will? Can you not defend yourself, knight?  Your own father, Lord Tywin, when I was named the King's squire, he told me to obey her in everything.  Did he tell you to fuck her, too?  I only meant I did as I was bid.  Hated every moment of it, is that what you'll have me believe? A high place in court, a knighthood, my sister's legs spreading open for you at night. Oh, yes, it must have been terrible. Wait here. His Grace will want to hear this. TYRION moves to leave the chamber to fetch JOFFREY. LANCEL falls to his knees and begs.  Mercy! Mercy, my lord! I beg you.  Save it for Joffrey. He loves a good grovel.  My lord, it was your sister's bidding, the Queen. I'll leave the city at once, I swear.  No, I think not.  My lord?  You heard me. My father told you to obey my sister. Obey her. Stay close to her side. Keep her trust. Pleasure her whenever she requires. No one ever need know, as long as you keep faith with me. I want to know what Cersei is doing, where she goes, who she sees, what they talk of, everything. And you will tell me.  Yes, my lord, I will. I swear it, as you command. TYRION claps in celebration.  Oh, rise, rise. Let us drink to our understanding. Oh, you don't have a cup. Oh, well. Smile, cousin. My sister is a beautiful woman, and it's all for the good of the realm. Go back and tell her that I beg her forgiveness, that I want no more conflict between us and that, henceforth, I shall do nothing without her consent.  But her demands?  Oh, I'll give her Pycelle.  You will?  Yes, I'll release him in the morning. Cersei can keep him as a pet, if she wants, but I will not have him on the Council. I could swear that I had not harmed a single hair on his head, but that would not, strictly speaking, be true. Stay within one table length. TYRION shuts the chamber door. LANCEL leans against the wall, feeling beaten. A boat with a stag figurehead rocks on the calm seas. DAVOS approaches STANNIS on the deck.  Your Grace.  Do your knucklebones bring you luck?  Well, life's been good since you hacked them off, Your Grace. And it's four less fingernails to clean.  Fewer.  Pardon?  Four fewer fingernails to clean. Never understood why you had to wear them.  It reminds me of where I come from and where I am now. It reminds me of your justice. It was an honest punishment and you were good with the cleaver.  You were a hero and a smuggler. A good act does not wash out the bad, nor a bad the good.  A lesson I've tried to teach my son.  Does he listen?  To me? Gods, no. But if your red woman told him to leap from the crow's nest  She has a name. I trust you've not forgotten your smuggler's tricks.  I've lived within the law for 17  I want you to be a smuggler this time.  Any shore, any night. What am I bringing ashore?  The red woman. No one must know what you do and we'll not speak of this again.  I am true to Your Grace and always will be, but surely there are other ways, cleaner ways.  Cleaner ways don't win wars. DAVOS nods and walks away. STANNIS stares into the distance. DAVOS rows a boat into the shallows. MELISANDRE sits patiently.  Are you afraid, Onion Knight?  Someone once told me the night is dark and full of terrors.  You've carried more unpleasant cargo in your time. Are you a good man, Ser Davos Seaworth?  I'd say my parts are mixed, my lady, good and bad.  If half an onion is black with rot, it's a rotten onion. A man is good or he is evil.  And which are you?  Oh, good. I'm a knight myself, of sorts, a champion of light and life.  Well, that must be very nice for you. DAVOS stows the oars and enters the water to lead the boat to shore. He pulls it onto the shore.  Do you love your wife?  I do.  Yet you have known other women.  Don't talk about my wife. DAVOS secures the boat on the shore.  I'm not. I'm talking about other women. Like me, Ser Davos. You want me. You want to see what's beneath this robe. DAVOS does not respond.  And you will. MELISANDRE turns to grab something from the boat. DAVOS leads MELISANDRE through the cave, bearing a lantern.  Strange that this Lord of Light asks you to work in the shadows.  Shadows cannot live in the dark, Ser Davos. They are servants of light, the children of fire. And the brighter the flame, the darker they are. DAVOS holds up the lantern to bars that obstruct their way.  These weren't here before. They've barred the passage.  They can't bar our passage. MELISANDRE has disrobed, arms outstretched, revealing a swollen, fully pregnant belly. DAVOS is shocked at this sudden change.  Gods protect us.  There's only one god, Ser Davos, and he only protects those who serve him. RENLY's encampment at night. The camp is alive with activity, in spite of the late hour. Soldiers move in every direction  You swear it?  By the mother. My son has no interest in the Iron Throne. RENLY takes a long sip of wine.  Then I see no reason for hostility between us. Your soncan go on calling himself King in the North. The Starks will have dominion over all lands north of Moat Cailin, provided he swears me an oath of fealty.  And the wording of this oath?  The same Ned Stark swore to Robert 18 years ago. Cat, their friendship held the kingdoms together. CATELYN considers these terms.  And in return for my son's loyalty?  In the morning, I'll destroy my brother's army. RENLY stands.  When that's done, Baratheon and Stark will fight their common enemy together, as they have done many times before. RENLY walks across the tent. BRIENNE removes his cloak.  Our two houses have always been close, which is why I am begging you to reconsider this battle. Negotiate a peace with your brother.  Negotiate with Stannis? You heard him out there. I'd have better luck debating the wind. BRIENNE continues to remove RENLY's armor.  Please bring my terms to your son. I believe we are natural allies. I hope he feels the same. Together we could end this war in a fortnight. The wind howls, and a dark cloud of mist races into the tent. CATELYN watches it cross the floor. BRIENNE gasps as a dark spirit takes form from the mist, rising up behind RENLY. The dark spirit stabs RENLY in the back, through the heart. RENLY gasps and the spirit hisses.  No! No. The dark spirit dissipates into a wind, and RENLY collapses to the ground. BRIENNE lungers forward to catch him, and bring him gently to the ground. Two soldiers leap into the room and draw their swords, believing BRIENNE to have betrayed their king.  Follow me!  (to BRIENNE) You'll die for this.  No, wait, it wasn't her! The soliders rush past CATELYN to engage with BRIENNE, who meets them in battle. She quickly dispatches one of the soldiers. The second soldiers falls soon after, with BRIENNE plunging her sword down his spine. CATELYN stares while BRIENNE looks upon RENLY's corpse. She staggers and falls to her knees, sobbing over his lifeless body. CATELYN comes beside her to comfort her.  We've got to leave. They'll hang you for this.  Inside the king's tent - go  Now.  I won't leave him.  You can't avenge him if you're dead.  Over there, go! BRIENNE gets up to leave. CATELYN tries to pull her to the front door. BRIENNE resists.  Not that way. BRIENNE exits past a tapestery. CATELYN follows. STANNIS's boats sit off the coast. LITTLEFINGER takes them in, then walks towards the camp as soldiers rush by in disorder. Loras mournfully kneels beside RENLY's body. MARGAERY paces in the background.  We need to go home. Loras. LITTLEFINGER enters the tent, just short of a panic.  My lord, my lady.  Get out.  Stannis will be here in an hour. When he arrives, Renly's bannermen will flock to him. Your former companions will fight for the privilege of selling you to their new king.  And you want that privilege for yourself.  You will note that I am standing here talking to you, not Stannis.  There's no time for this.  Ride back to Highgarden, sister. I'm not running from Stannis.  Brienne of Tarth murdered Renly.  I don't believe that. You don't believe that. Who gained the most from our king's death?  Stannis.  I will put a sword through his righteous face.  You can't stay here.  He would have been a true king, a good king.  Tell me, Ser Loras, what do you desire most in this world?  Revenge.  I have always found that to be the purest of motivations, but you won't have a chance to put your sword through Stannis, not today. You'll be cut to pieces before he sets foot on solid ground. If it is justice that you want, be smart about it.  You can't avenge him from the grave. Bring the horses. Please. MARGAERY moves to LORAS's side and caresses his hair. LORAS stands with a grimace. He picks up his sword and leaves. MARGAERY looks upon RENLY's corpse  He was very handsome.  He was, Your Grace.  "Your Grace." Calling yourself king doesn't make you one. And if Renly wasn't a king, I wasn't a queen.  Do you want to be a queen?  No. I want to be the queen. MARGAERY turns and faces LITTLEFINGER, resolute. Three noble girls play blind man's bluff in a garden while a septa stands by. CERSEI watches from a window above  Killed? By whom?  Accounts differ. Most seem to implicate Catelyn Stark in some way. TYRION picks up a goblet  Really? Who'd have thought?  Some say it was one of his own Kingsguard, while still others say it was Stannis himself who did it after negotiations went sour. TYRION pours himself some wine.  Whomever did it, I say well done.  It's not what Varys says. He says Renly's army is flocking to support Stannis, which would give Stannis superiority over us on both land and sea. CERSEI finishes pouring her own wine.  Littlefinger says we can outspend him three to one.  And I say Father raised you to have too much respect for money. Stannis Baratheon is coming for us, sooner rather than later.  Aren't there other things you should be doing, like sealing my daughter in a crate so you can ship her away?  She'll be safer in Dorne.  Yes, I know how concerned you are for her safety.  It so happens that I am. Myrcella is a sweet, innocent girl and I don't blame her at all for you.  So clever. Aren't you always so clever with your schemes and your plots? CERSEI walks past TYRION and sits.  Schemes and plots are the same thing. They are going to attack us. We need to be ready.  No need to concern yourself over it. The king is taking personal charge of siege preparations.  May I ask specifically what the king has in mind?  You may, specifically, or you may ask vaguely. The answer will be the same.  It's important that we talk about this.  It's the king's royal prerogative to withhold sensitive information from his councilors. TYRION exits in frustration, while CERSEI takes a sip, enjoying the upper hand. BRONN stands waiting among the bustling cityfolk next to a small tent, where TYRION and LANCEL meet in secret.  It's wildfire.  Wildfire? You wouldn't lie to me, would you, cousin?  No. That's a lie right there.  It is not a lie. Why would I lie?  Tell me, if the vile allegations against my brother and sister are true, do you think it will make Jaime more likely to kill you or less likely? When I tell him you're fucking her, I mean.  I'm telling you the truth.  The smart money would be on more likely.  She's making wildfire.  But then perhaps his own unnatural urges will give him sympathy for yours.  The Alchemists' Guild is being commissioned.  I suppose there's only one way to find out.  They have thousands of pots already stored in their vaults. They are planning to launch it from the city walls into Stannis' ships and armies. Please.  When did she tell you this?  I heard her talking with the pyromancer And the other night, after I left her, she went to meet him. I swear to you.  Swear to me on what?  On my life.  But I don't care about your life.  In the light of the Seven, by all that is holy and right, I, Lancel Lannister, do solemnly vow . . .  All right, all right. Enough. Even torturing you is boring. Just get out. TYRION pushes LANCEL out of the small tent. LANCEL falls to the ground, grunting.  Oh, Lancel, tell my friend Bronn to please kill you if anything should happen to me.  Please kill me if anything should happen to Lord Tyrion.  It will be my pleasure. LANCEL runs off down the streets. BRONN smiles. STANNIS's forces have landed at RENLY's camp. DAVOS meets STANNIS as he enters the main courtyard, and they move through the compound at rapid pace.  Your Grace.  What is it?  I'm sorry about your brother, Your Grace, I wanted to let you know that people grieve for him.  Fools love a fool. I grieve for him as well, for the boy he was, not the man he grew to be.  I need to speak to you - about what I saw in that cave.  I thought I made it clear to you there'd be no need to speak to me on this matter.  Your Grace, I --  I've never known you to need to hear a thing twice. They reach RENLY's tent.  And I've never known you to hide from the truth.  You've come to lecture me on truth?  I've come to tell you that what I saw.  All my brother's bannermen have come to my side. Except the Tyrells, who fled like cowards. They won't be able to resist us now. Soon I shall be sitting on the Iron Throne.  Nothing is worth what this will cost you, not even the Iron  I'll hear no more about it. STANNIS stands over the war map.  Take a company of men, secure the perimeter.  When do we sail for King's Landing?  As soon as I've consolidated my troops. We'll make short work of the Lannisters' fleet. Once Blackwater Bay is cleared, we'll deliver our troops to their doorstep and take the city.  And will you bring Lady Melisandre with you?  That's not your concern.  If you take King's Landing with her by your side, the victory will be hers.  I never thought I'd have reason to doubt your loyalty. Was I wrong?  Loyal service means telling hard truths.  Oh, truth again. All right, what's the truth? The hard truth?  She's a foreigner preaching her foreign religion. Some believe she whispers orders in your ear and you obey.  What do you believe?  You won those bannermen from Renly. Don't lose them to her.  We set out for King's Landing without Lady Melisandre. And you lead the fleet into Blackwater Bay.  Your Grace, I'm honored, but my time on the sea was spent evading ships, not attacking them. The other lords won't be happy.  Most of those lords should consider themselves lucky I don't hang them for treason. Hard truths cut both ways, Ser Davos. DAVOS exits. A bustling market street. A girl grabs a fish from a bucket.  I've got it! I've got it!  So it's that one there at the top, on the right.  Buy my fruit, my lord. Fresh fruit. The lord is revealed to be TYRION, with BRONN walking behind him.  Stannis has more infantry, more ships, more horses. What do we have?  There's that mind of yours you keep going on about.  Well, I've never actually been able to kill people with it.  Good thing. I'd be out of a job. What about your father?  He hasn't sent a raven in weeks. He's very busy. Being repeatedly humiliated by Robb Stark is time-consuming. We won't be able to hold the city against Stannis, not the way Joffrey's planning on holding it. They come upon a crowd listening to a rabblerouser.  Corruption.  Yes!  We are swollen, bloated, foul. Brother fornicates with sister in the bed of kings and we're surprised when the fruit of their incest is rotten? Yes, a rotten king.  It's hard to argue with his assessment.  Not after what he did to your birthday present.  The king is a lost cause. It's the rest of us I'm worried about now.  A dancing king, prancing down his bloodstained halls to the tune of a twisted demon monkey.  You have to admire his imagination.  He's talking about you.  What? Demon monkey?  People think you're pulling the king's strings. They blame you for the city's ills.  Blame me? I'm trying to save them.  You don't need to convince me.  Demon monkey. THEON, walks up from a dock., in armor It is morning. He gazes on a ship and smiles. The crew walks up noisily.  Yeah, come on.  You're the crew of the Sea Bitch? I'm your commander. Welcome. The crew ignores THEON.  Stop. Stop! Your captain commands you to stop!  Where are we headed, Captain?  The Stony Shore, to raid their villages. There'll be spoils in it for you, and women, if you do your jobs well.  And who decides if we've done our jobs well?  I do. Your captain. BLACK LORREN stands directly in front of THEON, challenging him.  I have been reaving and raping since before you left Balon's balls, Captain Don't reckon I've got much use for your ideas on how to do it. Don't reckon I've got much use for a captain at all. I'm thinking I can do the job of captain real well myself. All I need is a ship. You wouldn't know where I could find myself a ship now, would you? BLACK LORREN walks away down the steps to the dock.  You could do that, take the ship, head out on your own. And I will hunt you down, drag you back here in chains and hang you for a traitor.  (laughs) YARA enters.  Stop. We yield. The iron born laugh  Congratulations on your first command.  Thank you. Kind of you to come see me off.  Oh, I'm not here for you. I was just on my way to Red Harbor. I've got 30 ships. There's nowhere to put them here. Too narrow.  You'd better get out there. Wouldn't want her to set sail without you.  That would never happen. My crew would wait on deck for a year if I asked them to. This lot, though Enjoy the Stony Shore. THEON's crew pushes off from the dock. They row away without him, laughing. DAGMER enters.  Come on, I'll take you out.  Who are you?  Dagmer, your first mate.  Why aren't you with the rest of them? Or did they send you to row me out and dump me halfway in the sea? That would be good for a laugh.  They're not gonna respect you until you prove yourself.  And how am I supposed to prove myself by pillaging piss-poor fishing villages?  You're not.  And yet that's the task my father has given me to prove that I'm a true Iron Islander.  They're all Iron Islanders. Do they do as they're told or do they do as they like? THEON follows DAGMER onto a dock, where he attends to a boat.  The Stony Shore's not far from Torrhen's Square.  The seat of the House of Tallhart, - a more impressive prize than a few fishermen's daughters. What, you don't think we could take it?  No, we could. We could never hold it for more than a few days. As soon as Winterfell got word that we'd taken Torrhen's Square, the Starks would send their men to take it back. And then THEON pauses and the idea of how to take advantage of the betrayal comes to full. He laughs, and DAGMER smiles back.  Take me to my ship. While ARYA prepares food, TYRION presides over his war council.  The Starks have overextended their lines. Now that summer's over, they'll have a hard time keeping their men and horses fed.  The Starks understand winter better than we ever will. The cold won't beat them.  Our spies report growing discontent among the Northern lords. They want to return home and gather the harvest before the crops turn.  And I'm sure if those same spies snuck into our own encampments, they would report growing discontent amongst the Southern lords. This is war, no one's content. We've underestimated the Stark boy for too long. He has a good mind for warfare, his men worship him. And as long as he keeps winning battles, they'll keep believing he is King in the North. You've been waiting for him to fail. He is not going to fail, not without our help. So how do we stop him?  We've worked through the night, my lord. Perhaps we'd profit from some sleep.  Yes, I think you would, Reginald. And because you're my cousin, I might even let you wake from that sleep. Go, I'm sure your wife must miss you.  My wife's in Lannisport.  Well, then you'd better start riding. Go, before I change my mind and send her your head. REGINALD rises, in scared disbelief.  If your name wasn't Lannister, you'd be scrubbing out pots in the cook's tent. Go! REGINALD exits. ARYA comes to TYWIN's side to pour him some wine. He stops her.  Not wine, water. We'll be here for some time. Girl, where are you from?  Maidenpool, my lord.  And who are the Lords of Maidenpool? Remind me.  House Mooton, my lord.  And what is their sigil? ARYA does not answer, she does not know.  A red salmon. I think a Maidenpool girl would remember that. You're a Northerner, aren't you?  (nods.)  Good. One more time, where are you from?  Barrowton, my lord. House Dustin. Two crossed longaxes beneath a black crown.  And what do they say of Robb Stark in the North?  They call him the Young Wolf.  And?  They say he rides into battle on the back of a giant direwolf. They say he can turn into a wolf himself when he wants. They say he can't be killed.  And do you believe them?  No, my lord. Anyone can be killed. They stare at one another, unblinking.  Fetch that water. ARYA exits. Arya walks to fetch water. She turns a corner and sees JAQEN coming towards her, dressed as a gold cloak. She lowers her head, trying to be unnoticed. They pass, and she continues. She enters the catacombs and passes a helmet. She realizes that JAQEN has forgotten it, and that he might return. Indeed, JAQEN turns the corner, walking slowly.  A girl says nothing.  (gasps)  A girl keeps her mouth closed. No one hears, and friends may talk in secret, yes? A boy becomes a girl.  I was always a girl.  And I was always aware. But the girl keeps secrets. It is not for a man to spoil them.  You're one of them now. I should have let you burn. ARYA picks up the helmet and thrusts it into JAQEN's hands.  And you fetch water for one of them now. Why is this right for you and wrong for me?  I didn't have a choice.  You did. I did. And here we are. ARYA fills her water pitcher, and steps back as JAQEN approaches her.  A man pays his debts. A man owes three.  Three what?  The Red God takes what is his, lovely girl. And only death may pay for life. You saved me and the two I was with. You stole three deaths from the Red God. We have to give them back. Speak three names and the man will do the rest. Three lives I will give you, no more, no less, and we're done.  I can name anyone and you'll kill him?  A man has said.  The one who tortures everyone.  A man needs a name.  I don't know his name. They call him the Tickler.  That is enough. Go now, girl. Your master is thirsty. ARYA exits quickly.  He's not here yet. He'd have seen us, blown the horn.  When will he come?  The Halfhand does things in his own time.  My uncle told me stories about him.  Most of them are true.  I heard the Halfhand spent half of last winter beyond the Wall.  The whole winter. He was north of the Skirling Pass when the snows came. Had to wait for the thaw.  So it is possible for someone to survive out here on their own.  Well, possible for the Halfhand.  Beautiful, isn't it? Gilly would love it here.  (to GRENN) There's nothing more sickening than a man in love. One of the Night's Watch stands guard while the other set up camp .  About time you did something. At least you'll keep warm.  The Fist of the First Men. Think of how old this place is. Before the Targaryens defeated the Andals, before the Andals took Westeros from the First Men.  Before I die, please, stop talking.  Thousands and thousands of years ago, the First Men stood here where we're standing all through the long night. What do you think they were like, the First Men?  Stupid. Smart people don't find themselves in places like this.  (laughs)  I think they were afraid. I think they came here to get away from something. And I don't think it worked. A horn sounds, and the men pause from their labor to see what is going on.  Wildlings?  One blast is for rangers returning. Wildlings is two blasts.  So you got to stand there waiting, wondering. One blast for friends, two for foes.  And three for White Walkers. It's been a thousand years, but that's the only time they blow the horn three times.  But if it's been a thousand years, how do you know?  Well I read it in a book.  I read it in a book.  and GRENN start to walk off  Look. It's Qhorin Halfhand.  Aye, we'll live another day. Hurrah. EDDISON TOLLETT leaves. TYRION is in a basement, holding a pot of wildfire.  Take care, my lord.  I remember reading an old sailors' proverb, "Piss on wildfire and your cock burns off. "  Oh, I have not conducted this experiment. It could well be true. The substance burns so hot, it melts wood, stone, even steel, and, of course, flesh. The substance burns so hot, it melts flesh like tallow. TYRION hands the pot to HAYLENE, happy to give over the foul alchemy.  After the dragons died, wildfire was the key to the Targaryen power.  (scoffs)  My companion takes issue.  If I could tell you how many crazy old men I've seen pushing carts around army camps making grand claims about jars full of pig shit. No offense meant.  Our order does not deal in pig shit. The substance is fire given form. And we have been perfecting it since the days of Maegor.  To do what?  The jars are put in catapults and flung at the enemy.  How much do you have? HAYLENE starts to lead the others through a door and darker catacombs. TYRION and BRONN follow.  If you could get real soldiers to man the catapults, then maybe you'd hit your target one time in ten, but all the real soldiers are in the Riverlands with your father.  My lord, this man is insulting.  I don't know if you've ever seen a battle, old man, but things can get a bit messy. 'Cause when we're flinging things at Stannis, he's flinging them right back at us. Men die, men shit themselves, men run, which means pots falling, which means fire inside the walls, which means the poor cunts trying to defend the city end up burning it down.  My friend remains unconvinced.  He would not dare insult my order whilst Aerys Targaryen lived.  Well, he's not living anymore. And all his pots of wildfire didn't help him, did they? Men win wars, not magic tricks. HAYLENE forces open an ancient door. They enter a storeroom. TYRION is amazed at how much wildfire they have produced.  We have been working tirelessly, day and night, ever since your royal sister commanded us to do so. Our present count stands at 7,811. Enough to burn Stannis Baratheon's fleet and armies both.  This is a shit idea.  I'm afraid I have to concur with my advisor, Wisdom Haylene. The contents of this room could lay King's Landing low. You won't be making wildfire for my sister any longer. You'll be making it for me. DAENERYS and DOREAH are on a balcony with Drogon, one of the dragons.  Dracarys. Dracarys. The dragon spits forth a small flame which cooks the raw meat before him. The women laugh and applaud.He easts  He'll be able to feed himself from now on. DOREAH reaches for Drogon.  Let him sleep, Doreah.  Yes, Khaleesi. Drogon climbs on DOREAH hand.  (amused) He loves you.  (Dothraki) I rewove this part of the top. And I fixed the heel on this one.  Thank you, my friend.  Did you see the dress Xaro had made for you? They say he's the wealthiest man in Qarth.  It is known.  And if Qarth is the wealthiest city in Essos  The last time a rich man gave me a dress, he was selling me to Khal Drogo.  (Dothraki) May he ride forever through the night lands.  Xaro is our host, but we know nothing about him. Men like to talk about other men when they're happy.  (chuckles) You would look like a real princess in Xaro's  She's not a princess. She's a Khaleesi. You should wear it, Khaleesi. All three are quiet in the awkward moment.  You are their guest. It would be rude not to. IRRI exits. DAENERYS mingles during an elegant garden party.  And you must visit the night market. The Qartheen night market is like no night market you've ever seen.  It sounds wonderful.  The Meereenis think they have a night market. I will take you there myself.  Please excuse me for a moment. DAENERYS joins JORAH, who is speaking with two Dothraki.  (speakss Dothraki)  What are they doing?  Malakko says the statue is too heavy to carry. Kovarro says that Malakko is an idiot. They can pry out the gems, the rest is pure gold. Very soft. He can chop off as much as we can carry.  (Dothraki) Or melt it. Very simple.  (Dothraki) We are his guests! You can't pry it or chop it or melt it.  (Dothraki) Of course not, Khaleesi! We will wait until we leave.  (Dothraki) Not even when we leave.  (Dothraki) Why not?  (Dothraki) Our host saved us from the Red Waste and you want to steal from him? I will hear no more. KOVARRO and MALAKKO exit. KOVARRO steals a goblet along the way.  My brother used to say the only thing the Dothraki knew how to do was steal things better men have built.  It's not the only thing. They're quite good at killing the better men.  That's not the kind of queen I'm going to be. PYATT PREE approaches them and bows.  Mother of Dragons. On behalf of the warlocks of Qarth, I welcome you. A demonstration? PYATT PREE offers his hand and DAENERYS takes it. He places a gem in her palm.  Take this gem. Look at it. Into its depths. So many facets. Look closely enough and you can see yourself in them. Often more than once. PYATT PREE looks over his shoulder to his own doppelganger, who stands motionless. The crowd gasps.  Should you grow tired of Xaro's baubles and trinkets, it would be an honor to host you at the House of the Undying. You are always welcome, Mother of Dragons. PYATT PREE and his twin both leave. The crowd applauds at the illusion. XARO comes to DAENERYS's side from the crowd.  My apologies. Pyatt Pree is one of the Thirteen. It was customary for me to extend him an invitation. Customs die slow deaths in Qarth.  What is the House of the Undying?  It is where the warlocks go to squint at dusty books and drink shade of the evening. It turns their lips blue and their minds soft. So soft, they actually believe their parlor tricks are magic. XARO leads DAENERYS away, leaving JORAH behind. QUAITHE, a masked woman, talks to JORAH.s  You watch over her.  Do I know you?  I know you. Jorah Mormont of Bear Island.  Who are you?  I'm no one. But she is the Mother of Dragons. She needs true protectors, now more than ever. They shall come day and night to see the wonder born into the world again. And when they see, they shall lust, for dragons are fire made flesh. And fire is power. QUAITHE leaves. BRIENNE and CATELYN stand next to a stream, having stopped to water their horses.  It looked like Stannis.  To me it just looked like... A shadow in the shape of a man.  In the shape of Stannis. CATELYN is unsure.  We should reach my son's camp tomorrow.  Will you stay there long, my lady?  Only long enough to tell Robb what I have seen. After that, I will leave for Winterfell. My two youngest need me. I've been away from them for far too long.  I never knew my mother.  I'm sorry. CATELYN walks to the fire and sits. BRIENNE follows.  My own mother died on the birthing bed when I was very young.  It's a bloody business.  What comes after is even harder.  Once you're safely back amongst your own people, will you give me leave to go, my lady?  You mean to kill Stannis.  I swore a vow.  But Stannis has a great army around him. His own guards are sworn to keep him safe.  I'm as good as any of them. I should never have fled.  Renly's death was no fault of yours. You served him bravely.  I only held him that once as he was dying. CATELYN stands and faces BRIENNE.  He's gone, Brienne. You serve nothing and no one by following him into the earth. Renly's enemies are Robb's enemies as well.  I do not know your son, my lady. But I could serve you, if you would have me. You have courage. Not battle courage, perhaps, but, I don't know, a woman's kind of courage. And I think that when the time comes, you will not hold me back. Promise me that you will not hold me back from Stannis.  When the time comes, I will not hold you back. BRIENNE draws her sword and kneels to pledge her loyalty.  Then I am yours, my lady. I will shield your back and give my life for yours, if it comes to that. I swear it by the Old Gods and the new.  I vow that you shall always have a place in my home and at my table and that I shall ask no service of you that might bring you dishonor. I swear it by the Old Gods and the new. RICKON cracks nuts while BRAN receives visitors. LUWIN sits at his side.  And it's not just thieves, my lord. There's wolves in them hills now, more than I ever seen. They come down in the night and they kill my sheep. My three sons is away fighting for your brother, my lord. They'll fight, keep fighting till they're told to go home. I have no one to man my flock now. Only me. I can't keep watch all day and all night.  We can send two orphan boys from Winterstown home with you to help watch over your flock if you can give them room and board.  My wife always prayed for more children. We'll look after them. Thank you, my lord. And may the gods bless you and yours. The WINTERFELL SHEPHERD leaves.  (to RICKON) Stop it. If that's everyone, I'm going to go for a ride before dark.  Good.  Hodor.  Hodor. RODRIK enters.  Bran! Lord Stark. Torrhen's Square is under siege.  Torrhen's Square is barely 40 leagues from here. How can the Lannisters strike so far north?  Might be a raiding party led by the mountain. Might be sellswords paid by Tywin Lannister.  We have to help them.  Most of the fighting men are away with Robb, but I can gather 200 decent men.  Do you need so many?  If we can't protect our own bannermen, why should they protect us? Go, Ser Rodrik. Take the men you need.  Won't take long, my lord. Southerners don't do well up here. RODRIK exits with his entourage. EXT WINTERFELL HODOR carries BRAN through the courtyard. OSHA walks beside him.  So, what does it mean?  Ask your Maester Luwin. He's the one studying books all the time.  I did ask him. He'd never heard of a three-eyed raven.  Must not mean anything, then.  You're lying.  You might be a little lord, but don't you call me a liar.  You know what it means.  I never said I didn't.  You didn't give me an honest answer.  That's not the same as being a liar.  Well, it's not far off.  So, you've been dreaming of a three-eyed raven again? In the godswood, you told me you didn't dream. Now who's a liar? What did you see in your dream? BRAN doesn't answer.  Something bad? Tell me, boy.  I dreamt that the sea came to Winterfell. I saw waves crashing against the gates and the water came flowing over the walls It flooded the castle. Drowned men were floating here, in the yard. Ser Rodrik was one of them.  The sea is hundreds of miles away.  I know. It's just a stupid dream.  I've got to get these potatoes to the kitchen. Otherwise they'll put me in chains again.  Osha. The three-eyed raven, what do they say about it north of the Wall?  They say all sorts of crazy things north of the Wall. OSHA exits.  There.  Where?  On that mountain.  I don't see very well.  A fire.  There's a fire. The people sitting around it have better eyes than yours or mine. When they see us coming, that fire becomes a signal. Gives Mance Rayder plenty of time to throw a party in our honor.  How many wildlings have joined him?  From what we can tell, all of them. Mance has gathered them all like deer against the wolves. They're almost ready to make their move.  Where?  Somewhere safe. Somewhere south. Can't just march into their midst. And we can't wait for them here with nothing but a pile of stones to protect us.  You saying we should fall back to the Wall?  Mance was one of us once. Now he's one of them. He's going to teach them our way of doing things. They'll hit us in force and they won't run away when we hit back. They're gonna be more organized than before, more disciplined, more like us. So we need to be more like them, do things their way. Sneak in, kill Mance, and scatter them to the winds before they can march on the Wall. And to do that  We need to get rid of those lookouts.  It's not a job for 400 men. I need to move fast and silent. Harker, Stonesnake, Borba.  Lord Commander, I'd like to join Lord Qhorin.  I've been called lots of things, but that might be my first Lord Qhorin. You're a steward, Snow, not a ranger.  I've fought and killed a wight. How many rangers can say that?  He's the one?  Aye. You killed a wight. You also let an old man beat you bloody and take your sword.  Craster? In the boy's defense, that's a tough old goat.  I could take up Jon's duties while he's gone, my lord. It would be no trouble.  Well, I hope you make a better ranger than you do a steward. Go on. The garden party has continued into the night.  So, tell me, how long has your manservant been in love with you?  He's not my manservant and he's not in love with me. He's my advisor and he's my friend.  Unlikely. I can almost always tell what a man wants.  And what about what a woman wants?  Much more complicated. You, for example, what do you want?  To cross the Narrow Sea and take back the Iron Throne.  Why?  Because I promised my khalasar I'd protect them and find them a safe home.  You want to conquer the Seven Kingdoms for the Dothraki?  I want them because they're mine by right. The Iron Throne is mine and I will take it.  Ah, a conqueror.  And how did you get all of this? Did someone give it to you?  No. I come from nothing. I hit the docks like a piece of cargo, except someone normally cares what happens to cargo.  So you wanted more than you had and you took it. You're a conqueror, too. You're just less ambitious.  (chuckles)  What do you want, Xaro Xhoan Daxos? At the gates of the city, you bled for me. Why?  I will show you why. He leads her away. XARO strikes the door of the vault with a sword.  The door and the vault is made of Valyrian stone. The hardest steel does not make a mark. I offered the greatest locksmiths in Qarth their weight in gold if they could break into it. I made the same offer to the greatest thieves. They all went home empty-handed. The only thing that can open this door is this key.  And behind the door?  (chuckles)  And it can all be mine?  All? Let us say half. More than enough to buy horses, ships, armies. Enough to go home.  All I have to do?  Is marry me.  That was a romantic proposal.  I've already married once for love, but the gods stole her from me. I come from nothing. My mother and father never owned a pair of shoes. But marry me, and I will give you the Seven Kingdoms and our children will be princes and princesses. DAENERYS thinks about his proposition.  See? I have more ambition than you thought. The time is right, Daenerys Targaryen, First of Your Name. Robert Baratheon is dead.  If you cross the sea with an army you bought and a foreign husband who paid for it . . .  The Seven Kingdoms are at war with one another. Four false kings destroying the country.  To win Westeros, you need support from Westeros.  The usurper is dead.  (laughs)  The Starks fight the Lannisters, and Baratheons fight each other.  According to your new friend who earned your trust by cutting his hand?  The time to strike is now. We need to find ships and an army or we'll spend the rest of our lives rotting away at the edge of the world.  Rich men do not become rich by giving more than they get. They'll give you ships and soldiers and they'll own you forever. Moving carefully is the hard way, but it's the right way.  And if I'd listened to that advice outside the gates of Qarth, we'd all be dead by now.  I know the opportunity before you seems like the last you'll ever have, - but you must  Do not speak to me like I'm a child.  I only want  What do you want? Tell me.  To see you on the Iron Throne.  Why?  You have a good claim. A title. A birthright. But you have something more than that. You may cover it up and deny it, but you have a gentle heart. You would not only be respected and feared, you would be loved. Someone who can rule and should rule. Centuries come and go without a person like that coming into the world. There are times when I look at you and I still can't believe you're real.  So what would you have me do, as my advisor?  Make your own way. Find your own ship. You only need one. The allies we need are in Westeros, not Qarth.  And how do I get the ship?  I'll find it for you. A sound ship with a good captain.  I look forward to meeting him.  Khaleesi. JORAH bows and exits. Tywin's emcampment with the recruits still held prisoner. GENDRY fires a sword, and cools it in a bucket of water, while ARYA sits, bored.  You should stand sideface.  Sideface?  Sideways.  Why?  Smaller target.  Am I fighting someone?  You're practicing for a fight. You should practice right. A loud thud is heard, and a woman screams off camera. Arya rushes over to gold cloaks who surround a prone body.  Guards! Did you see anything? Go up there. Go and see where he fell from. ARYA looks down upon the twisted body of the TICKLER. She looks up.  Go up the battlement.  That is strange. ARYA spies JAQEN standing in the battlement above. He touches a finger beneath his eye. ARYA understands the gesture.  Move away. Stand back. He's dead. ROBB and BRYNDEN TULLY, waist deep in the river, release the funeral boat of HOSTER TULLY. They return to the dock to rejoin the somber and silent CATELYN and TALISA. EDMURE steps forward, holding a bow while the others look on. He lights the arrow and fires an arcing shot at the distant boat. The arrow splashes wide of its mark. Perturbed and embarrassed, EDMURE looks back, then draws another arrow to ignite. He shoots, and this arrow also splashes errantly, while the boat drifts further downstream. The large crowd near the dock murmurs. ROBB laughs under his breath and BRYNDEN looks impatient. EDUMRE takes a breath and unleashes a nervous shot that also splashes uselessly. Fed up, BRYNDEN pushes EDMURE aside and takes his bow. CATELYN, ROBB and TALISA try to maintain their composure. BRYNDEN lights an arrow, aims carefully, and unleashes an arcing shot. As the arrow flies, he turns and tosses the bow back to EDMURE, and walks off. Moments later, the arrow lands in the boat, setting it aflame. CATELYN is relieved. BRYNDEN continues to walk away. EDMURE watches as the flaming boat disappears at the river's bend.  If I may, nephew, I encountered a situation with one of my lieutenants at the Stone Mill which may have some bearing--  Why don't you shut your mouth about that damned mill? And don't call him "nephew." He is your king.  Robb knows I meant him no disr--  You're lucky I'm not your king. I wouldn't let you wave your blunders around like a victory flag.  My blunder sent Tywin's mad scurrying back to Casterly Rock with his tail between his legs. I think King Robb understands we're not gonna win this war if he's the only one winning any battles. No, there's glory enough to go around.  It's not about glory. Your instructions were to wait for him to come to you.  I seized an opportunity.  What value was the mill?  The Mountain was garrisoned across the river from it.  Is he there now? Of course not.  We took the fight to him. He could not withstand us.  I wanted to draw the Mountain into the west, into our country where we could surround him and kill him. I wanted him to chase us, which he would have done because he is a mad without a strategic thought in his head. I could have that head on a spike by now. Instead, I have a mill.  We took hostages. Willem Lannister. Martyn Lannister.  Willem and Martyn Lannister are 14 years old.  Martyn is 15, I believe.  Tywin Lannister has my sisters. Have I sued for peace?  No.  Do you think he'll sue for peace because we have his father's brother's great-grandsons?  No.  How many men did you lose?  But for every man we lost, the Lannisters--  We need our men more than Tywin needs his!  I'm sorry. I didn't know.  You would have. Right here today at this gathering if you had been patient.  We seem to be running short of patience here.  You know who isn't? Tywin Lannister. TYWIN stands by the head of the table. PYCELLE, VARYS, and LITTLEFINGER enter silently. TYRION enters next. TYWIN sits, then PYCELLE, VARYS, and LITTLEFINGER join him. TYRION remains still, while CERSEI enters and surveys the room. She pauses, then walks to the table. She picks up one of the two remaining empty chairs and places it directly next to TYWIN, then sits while the others smirk. TYRION comes forward, and drags the final chair noisily (and comically) to the opposite head of the table. He sits.  Intimate. Lovely table. Better chairs than the old small council chamber. Conveniently close to your own quarters. I like it.  What news of Jaime? No one answers.  20,000 unwashed northerns have known about his escape for weeks. Collectively, you control more spies and informants than the rest of the world combined. Do you mean to tell me that none of you has any notion of where he is?  We are trying, my lord.  Try harder. What do we have, then?  Robb Stark and most of his bannermen are in Riverrun for the funeral of his grandfather Lord Hoster Tully. In Stark's absence, Roose Bolton holds Harrenhal, which would seem to make him Lord of Harrenhal, in practice if not in name.  Well, let him have it. The name suits our purposes far more than that useless pile of rubble. The Lord of Harrenhal will make a worthy suitor for the widow Arryn.  For which I am extremely grateful to you, my lord. Lady Arryn and I have known each other since we were children. She has always been positively predisposed toward me.  A successful courtship would make Lord Baelish acting Lord of the Vale.  Titles do seem to breed titles.  You'll leave for the Eyrie as soon as possible and bring Lysa Arryn into the fold. Then the young wolf can add his own aunt to the list of people who have taken up arms against him.  Far be it from me to hinder true love, but Lord Baelish's absence would present certain problems. The royal wedding may end up being the most expensive event in living memory. Summer has ended, hard days lie ahead. Not a good time to leave the crown's finances unattended.  Fully agreed. Which is why I'm naming you new Master of Coin.  (chuckles)  Master of Coin?  It would appear to be a position that best suits your talents.  I'm quite good at spending money, but a lifetime of outrageous wealth hasn't taught me much about managing it.  I have no doubt you will prove equal to this challenge.  Hear, hear. LOCKE's forces ride through the woods, singing.  (singing) He lifted her high in the air. He sniffed and roared and smelled her there. She kicked and wailed, a maid so fair. But he licked the honey from her hair. From there to here, from here to there. All black and brown and covered with hair. He smelled that girl in the summer air. The bear, the bear and the maiden fair. Behind the singing soldiers, BRIENNE and JAIME are bound together, back to back, atop a single horse. JAIME suffers the indignity of facing backwards.  I hope you're pleased. If you had armed me, they never would have taken us.  You were armed when we were taken.  I was in chains if you recall. Our little match would have ended quite quick if my hands weren't bound.  All my life I've been hearing, 'Jaime Lannister, what a brilliant swordsman.' You were slower than I expected. And more predictable.  I've been sitting in a muddy pen wrapped in chains for the past year.  And I'm a woman. I was still beating you.  You were not beating me.  Maybe you were as good as people said once. Or maybe people just love to overpraise a famous name.  When we make camp tonight, you'll be raped. More than once. None of these fellows have ever been with a noblewoman. You'd be wise not to resist.  Would I?  They'll knock your teeth out.  You think I care about my teeth? No, I don't think you care about your teeth. If you fight them, they will kill you. Do you understand? I'm the prisoner of value, not you. Let them have what they want. What does it matter?  What does it matter?  Close your eyes. Pretend they're Renly.  If you were a woman, you wouldn't resist? You'd let them do what they wanted?  If I was a woman, I'd make them kill me. But I'm not, thank the gods. The camp of the Brotherhood without Banners is bustling. GENDRY helps THOROS to put on his armor. ARYA sits nearby, watching.  If I had a proper forge, I could make it good as new.  Doesn't have to look pretty. It just has to keep the arrows out of my heart.  Why are you helping him? He takes us prisoner and now he's our friend?  You're not our prisoner, little lady.  What am I?  Our guest. No one's put any chains on you.  So I can walk away, then?  These woods aren't safe for Ned Stark's daughter. ou're lucky we found you. Arya gets up and walks away, frustrated. ANGUY and some men lead the bound HOUND through the camp.  You think you're good with that bow, you little twat?  Better than anyone you've ever met.  A coward's weapon. I like to fight up close. I like to see a man's face when I put the steel in him.  Why? So you can kiss him?  You remember the last time you were here?  Looks like every other shit inn on the road. ANGUY places a hood over the HOUND's head.  Now, apologies, but you're one ugly fucker and I'd rather not see you no more. ANGUY helps the HOUND into the wagon, and guides his hooded head to hit the top of the doorway.  (sarcastically) Watch your head. Off we go. ANGUY pounds the side of the wagon.  Walk up! ARYA watches the wagon drive away while GENDRY packs up. HOT PIE enters, holding some bread.  What are you doing? We're about to leave. Hot PIE: I'm staying.  You're what?  I baked some brown bread for the innkeep and she said she never had better. Told Thoros she's keeping me as a payment for all the free meals she's given him. Anyway, it's not me the Brotherhood wants. My brother ain't no king. I'm not a Stark of Winterhell.  Winterfell.  You sure?  I'm sure. Hot PIE: Well, I made you something. HOT PIE hands ARYA the bread that he baked. It is shaped like an animal of some sort.  What is it?  It's a wolf.  Yes, it is. 	That's the tail?  Yeah.  Well, be safe.  Yeah, you, too. Don't get stabbed.  You don't burn your fingers. GENDRY pats HOT PIE's shoulder, grabs his pack, and exits.  Good-bye, Hot Pie.  Good-bye, Arry. ARYA walks away and joins a brother on a horse.  Up you go, little lady. ARYA takes a bite of the bread as they ride away.  Hey, Hot Pie. It's really good. CATELYN and BRYNDEN gaze out a grand window from within the castle, appreciating the beauty of the Riverlands.  A person could almost be forgiven for forgetting we're at war.  It often comforts me to think that even in war's darkest days, in most places in the world absolutely nothing is happening.  I've missed you, Uncle. Father missed you, too, from the day you left. Maybe he never said it in so many words--  Maybe? Your father was a stubborn old ox. I was surprised when he died. Didn't think death had the patience.  I'm glad you were with him. I wish to the gods I had been. Did you make peace in the end?  After 30 years of fighting, I don't think he remembered what started it. He asked me to stop calling myself Blackfish. He said it was an old joke and it was never funny to begin with. I told him people had been calling me Blackfish for so long, they don't remember my real name.  Every time he would leave for the capital or fight in a campaign, I'd see him off. 'Wait for me, little Cat,' he'd say. 'Wait for me and I'll come back to you.' And I would sit at this window every day when the sun came up, waiting. I wonder how many times did Bran or Rickon stare across the moors of Winterfell waiting for me to return. I will never see them again. CATELYN begins to weep. BRYNDEN sits to comfort her.  You mustn't think it. We don't know the truth. They could be in hiding. Robb believes they're alive. And he must go on believing. He's got to remain strong if he's to prevail. And you must remain strong for him.  (Sighs.) TALISA tends to MARTYN LANNISTER's arm while WILLEM LANNISTER looks on.  You're Robb Stark's wife.  Hold still.  Is it true what they say about him?  I don't know. What do they say about him?  That he can turn into a wolf at night.  True.  And he eats the flesh of his enemies.  True. You're a Lannister, aren't you?  Martyn Lannister.  Martyn Lannister. You've nothing to fear. My husband doesn't eat children. Unless it's a full moon. It's not a full moon tonight, is it? See? Nothing to fear. MANCE, TORMUND, JON, YGRITTE and ORELL walk through a winter storm. MANCE kneels down.  Always the artists. The camera pans up to reveal a huge spiral of horse carcasses, dismembered and frozen in a horrific but almost beautiful.  It's only horses. No men.  You said there was dead crows.  There was.  How many men were here?  About 300.  And you know what those men are now?  (Nods)  We're all the same to them-- meat for their army.  Do you think anyone got away?  It's not impossible. You don't go far betting against Mormont. But dead or alive, he took a big gamble coming north. And he lost. His best fighting men are dead. And whether he's Lord Commander of the Night's Watch or a blue-eyed corpse, he's a long way from home. Tormund. Climb the Wall. Take Orell and 20 good men. And take this one. He knows Castle Black's defenses better than any of us. And if he's useful, good. If not throw him off the Wall. See if crows can fly.  We're finally going to war, old friend?  Hide near Castle Black. When I give the signal, hit them in the night. They've got a big old wall to hide behind, but it only guards one side. MANCE and TORMUND embrace.  We'll meet again.  Aye. If you do your job. Ah.  How will we see your signal?  Send your eagle above the Wall every night. When it's time, I'm going to light the biggest fire the North has ever seen. The Night's Watch continues its brutal march. They have reached a large farmhouse complex. As they approach, the women scatter and flee. SAM sees the white direwolf nearby.  Ghost? They approach the main doorway, led by JEOR and are met by CRASTER.  What have we here? Frozen crows?  We've come a long way.  Smaller flock than you went north with.  We can talk inside.  Oh, can we? CRASTER takes stock in silence. The Night's Watch is ready to force their way in, if necessary. The men sit by the fire in a tense silence. Nearby, a woman wails. Some younger girls observe from the rafters. Women tend to the animals outside.  They need some water.  Tether it and I'll be inside.  Keep your eyes where they belong. They're not for you.  Bet you feed that pig better than you feed us.  Aye, pig's got value to me. You should all be kissing my feet for letting you in. I'd have turned you all away if I wasn't a godly man.  You are a godly man?  I am. I got no fear of what's out there. When the white cold comes, your swords and cloaks and bloody fires won't help you. The only ones left will be those who are right with the gods. The real gods. The woman continues to wail in another room. Another woman pours some water for CRASTER.  Go tell her she can bite down on a rag or she can bite down on my fist. Women. That sow right there gave birth to a litter of eight. Barely a grunt. (Pointing to SAM) And she's almost as fat as this one here. Now why don't you dine on him? Carve off what you need as you go. Well, look at him. He's a walking feast. CRASTER laughs uncontrollably. SAM stands and exits. SAM walks outside. He follows the sound of the wailing, and peers into the small hut where GILLY is giving birth.  Here we are.  Sharpen these for me, would ya?  I see the head. Push.  That's it. You're nearly there. One more push should do it. The baby comes and the women tend to the newborn.  (desperate) What is it? What is it? GILLY sees that the baby is a boy and her face falls. Then she notices SAM peering in. He exits quickly. THEON is still hooded and strapped to the cross. The door clanks open. RAMSAY enters, removes the hood and starts to undo THEON's bindings.  Keep quiet. THEON groans and RAMSEY frees him, and lowers him to the floor. THEON takes a desperate drink of water from the flask that RAMSEY offers. He tries to stand.  If you can't ride, we don't stand a chance.  I can ride.  You're sure? RAMSEY douses the light as they prepare to leave. THEON painfully mounts the house that RAMSAY has procured.  Ride east. Follow the rising sun. Your sister's waiting for you.  I'll make you a Lord of the Iron Islands for this.  We're not in the Iron Islands. Go. THEON rides away.  Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. STANNIS and MELISANDRE walk to the craggy shore where some men hold a boat at the ready.  Come on back.  You refuse to tell me where you're going?  I don't know yet. The fires will show me.  How long will you be gone?  I don't know.  You're abandoning me.  I will never abandon you. You are the Son of Fire. I am sworn to serve you.  Then serve me.  When I return, you will understand. MELISANDRE starts to walk away, but STANNIS stops her.  My enemies think they've destroyed me. They're laughing at me the way Renly laughed at me. I want Joffrey dead. I want Robb Stark dead. Make me another son.  I cannot.  Why?  You don't have the strength. It would kill you.  I'm not so easily killed. Men have been trying for years. He clasps her to him.  (whispering) I want you. MELISANDRE does not respond, and he is disappointed. She looks at STANNIS with concern.  Your fires burn low, my king. He starts to walk away.  There is another way. A better way.  You told me your magic requires a king's blood.  Yes.  I'm the one true king.  You are. But there are others with your blood in their veins. You will sit on the Iron Throne, but first there must be sacrifices. The Lord of Light demands it. She walks to the boat. DAENERYS, JORAH and BARRISTAN walk along the shoreline parapet in the bright sun. A series of tortured slaves on crucifixes line the walkway.  The Walk of Punishment is a warning, Your Grace.  To whom?  To any slave who contemplates doing whatever these slaves did.  Give me your water.  Khaleesi, this man has been sentenced to death. JORAH gives DAENERYS his canteen. She steps up to a bloodied man and offers a drink. He refuses.  Here, drink.  Leave this place, Your Grace. Leave tonight, I beg you.  And what is she to do for soldiers?  We can find sellswords in Pentos and Myr.  Is it 'we' already, Ser Barristan? If you want to sit on the throne your ancestors built, you must win it. That will mean blood on your hands before the thing is done.  The blood of my enemies, not the blood of innocents. DAENERYS hands back the canteen, and they continue their walk.  How many wars have you fought in, Ser Barristan?  Three.  Have you ever seen a war where innocents didn't die by the thousands?  (Shakes his head.)  I was in King's Landing after the sack, khaleesi. You know what I saw? Butchery. Babies, children, old men. More women raped than you can count. There's a beast in every man and it stirs when you put a sword in his hand. But the Unsullied are not men. They do not rape. They do not put cities to the sword unless they're ordered to do so. If you buy them, the only men they'll kill are those you want dead.  Do you disagree, Ser Barristan?  When your brother Rhaegar led his army into battle at the Trident, men died for him because they believed in him, because they loved him, not because they'd been bought at a slaver's auction. I fought beside the last dragon on that day, Your Grace. I bled beside him.  Rhaegar fought valiantly, Rhaegar fought nobly, and Rhaegar died.  Did you know him well, Ser Barristan?  I did, Your Grace. Finest man I ever met.  I wish I had known him. But he was not the last dragon. They approach an impressive round structure with a huge, golden winged statue crouched atop it. DAENERYS, JORAH and BARRISTAN stand before a raised platform where KRAZNYS MO NAKLOZ and GREIZHEN sit and MISSANDEI stands.  All? Did this one's ears mishear, Your Grace?  They did not. I want to buy them all.  (speaking Valerian) She wants to buy them all.  (speaking Valerian) She can't afford them. The slut thinks that she can flash her tits, and make us give her whatever she wants.  There are 8,000 Unsullied in Astapor. Is this what you mean by all?  Yes. 8,000. And the ones still in training as well.  (speaking Valerian) If they fail on the battlefield, they will shape Astapor.  Master Greizhen says they cannot sell half-trained boys. If they fail on the battlefield, they will bring shame upon all of Astapor.  I will have them all or take none. Many will fall in battle. I'll need the boys to pick up the swords they drop.  (speaking Valerian) The slut cannot pay for all of this.  Master Kraznys says you cannot afford this.  (speaking Valerian) Her ship will buy her 100 Unsullied, no more.  Your ship will buy you Because Master Kraznys is generous.  (speaking Valerian) And this is because I like the curve of her ass.  The gold you have left is worth 10.  (speaking Valerian) What is left will buy her 10. I will give her 20 if it stops her ignorant whimpering.  But good Master Kraznys will give you 20.  (speaking Valerian) Her Dothraki smell of shit but will be useful as pig feed.  The Dothraki you have with you--  (speaking Valerian) I will give her 3 for those.  The Dothraki you have are not worth what they cost to feed, but Master Kraznys will give you three Unsullied for all of them.  (speaking Valerian) So, ask this beggar queen how will she pay for the remaining 7,877?  Master Kraznys asks how you propose to pay for the remaining 7,877 unsullied. DAENERYS has been looking at the young enslaved children who watch from above.  I have dragons. I'll give you one.  (speaking Valerian) KRAZNYS looks shocked.  You will win the throne with dragons, not slaves, Your Grace.  Khaleesi, please. DAENERYS approaches the platform.  Three dragons.  One.  Two.  One. KRAZNYS consults with GREIZHEN.  (speaking Valerian)  They want the biggest one.  Done.  Done.  I'll take you as well, now. You'll be Master Kraznys' gift to me. A token of a bargain well struck.  (speaking Valerian) She asks that you give me to her, as a present. She asks that you do this now. DAENERYS strides purposefully. JORAH and BARRISTAN try to keep up.  Khaleesi, a dragon is worth more than any army.  Aegon Targaryen proved that.  You're both here to advise me. I value your advice, but if you ever question me in front of strangers again, you'll be advising someone else. Is that understood? JORAH and BARRISTAN nod. DAENERYS walks away and joins MISSANDEI  Do you have a name?  This one's name is Missandei, Your Grace.  Do you have a family? A mother and a father you'd return to if you had the choice?  No, Your Grace. No family living.  You belong to me now. It is your duty to tell me the truth.  Yes, Your Grace. Lying is a great offense. Many of those on the Walk of Punishment were taken there for less.  I offered water to one of the slaves dying on the Walk of Punishment. Do you know what he said to me? 'Let me die.'  There are no masters in the grave, Your Grace.  Is it true what Master Kraznys told me about the Unsullied? About their obedience?  All questions have been taken from them. They obey, that is all. Once they are yours, they are yours. They will fall on their swords if you command it.  And what about you? You know that I'm taking you to war. You may go hungry. You may fall sick. You may be killed.  Valar morghulis.  Yes, all men must die. But we are not men. ROS kneels at a hidden compartment in the floor. She hands PODRICK a series of ledgers. He admires her assets. She notices.  A surprising place to keep the royal ledgers.  I'm surprised you're surprised. This is the safest place in the city.  Not for bastards.  That's all of them, my lord.  Thank you, my dear.  Pod. Pod. Take them outside. I'll be there in a moment.  Yes, my lord. PODRICK wheels the ledges away in a cart. ROS exits as well.  I hear you owe that boy a significant debt.  Only my life. Not all that significant, I'm afraid.  You should have him knighted.  If only the Master of Coin had such power.  If only. I owe you a significant debt. Our redheaded friend. You secured her release when the queen detained her.  Oh, that. Of course. A simple misunderstanding.  Apparently, Her Grace believed that you two had some sort of special relationship.  We don't. I did fuck her once.  I know.  But we don't.  I know. But how would the queen get that idea?  Why don't you ask her? Any advice for me on my new position?  Keep a low profile.  If I had a gold dragon for every time I heard that joke, I'd be richer than you are.  Well, you are richer than I am.  Good point.  They're only numbers. Numbers on paper. Once you understand that, it's easy to make them behave. Trivial even. You want a real challenge? Try whores.  I've tried quite a few. Well, lots of work to do. Enjoy the Eyrie. TYRION walks into the hall. BRONN is chatting with a prostitute, and PODRICK stands by his wagon.  Come on, I'm here later. Come on. BRONN hops down and follows TYRION. BRONN trails with the wagon.  Tonight, then. Looks like dull reading.  You think all reading is dull reading.  It's an opinion I share with some of the finest men I know.  The secret history of the Seven Kingdoms is written in these pages.  Unless Lord Twatbeard made up a bunch of numbers to hide what he's really up to.  Unless he made it all up, yes. Podrick, do keep up.  Yes, my lord.  Podrick.  Yes, my lord?  After a long consultation with my colleague Ser Bronn, I finally found a suitable reward for the services you've provided over and above what might be considered reasonable. Tell me, Pod, have you ever been with a woman? They open a door and enter a chamber. GENNA, naked, lies on the bed.  No, my lord.  Wonderful. Genna specializes in first-timers.  She's not bad with second-timers, either.  Uh, my lord GENNA walks over to PODRICK, smiling, and places her hands on him.  A fair enough repayment for putting your spear through my would-be killer's face, wouldn't you say? TYRION walks further into the chamber, and pushes aside a curtain, revealing the naked MAREI.  Now, as it happens, Marei is quite the spear handler herself. She's here to thank you for staying by my side as the battle raged all around me. MAREI walks over to PRODICK, and begins to help KALYA to undress him.  He's handsome. You didn't tell me he was handsome. TYRION reveals the acrobatic KAYLA, who crawls to join the other.  Kayla is famous from here to Volantis in certain circles. One of four women in the world who can perform a proper Meereenese Knot.  My lord, I don't even  She's here to thank you for being a thoroughly respectful fellow who's never once failed to address me as 'my lord. KAYLA performs an impressive and seductive back bend for PODRICK.  Be back in time for my supper. TYRION leaves a small purse. BRONN wheels out the cart as he and TYRION exit.  Pace yourself, lad. TYRION pours over the ledgers. BRONN wanders through the room, inspecting various objects, not impressed by any.  For years I've heard that Littlefinger is a magician. Whenever the crown needs money, he rubs his hands together and, poof, mountains of gold.  Let me guess. He's not a magician.  No.  He's stealing it?  Worse, he's borrowing it.  What's wrong with that?  We can't afford to pay it back, that's what's wrong with it. The crown owes millions to my father.  Seeing as it's his grandson's ass on the throne, I imagine he'll forgive that debt.  Forgive a debt, my father? For a man of the world, you're strangely naive.  I've never borrowed money before. I'm not clear on the rules.  Well Ahem! The basic principle is I lend you money, and after an agreed upon period of time, you return it with interest.  And what if I don't?  Well, you have to.  But what if I don't?  This is why I don't lend you money. Anyway, it's not my father I'm worried about. It's the Iron Bank of Braavos. We owe them tens of millions. If we fail to repay these loans, the bank will fund our enemies. One way or another, they always get their gold back. PODRICK enters.  Ah, the return of the conquering hero. Does he have a little jaunt in his step?  The lad's practically skipping.  You were gone a long time. I trust you got your money's worth. Or should I say my money's worth? PODRICK returns the purse to TYRION.  Oh, it was a gift, Podrick. This is more than I give you in a year.  He's a squire. You don't pay him.  Oh, then it's much more than I give you in a year.  They wouldn't take it, my lord.  Maybe they're trying to curry some favor with the new Master of Coin.  Have you ever known a whore to turn down gold? They were happy enough to take it when I gave it to them.  What did you tell them?  I didn't tell them anything.  What did you do to them?  Lots of things.  And they seemed to like these things?  Yes, my lord.  Of course they seemed to like it. They're paid to seem to like it.  Only they weren't paid.  What are you saying? These ladies enjoyed him so much, they gave him the time for free?  Is that what you're telling us? {PODRICK doesn't deny it.  Sit down, Podrick. TYRION grabs some wine. BRONN clears the table and has PODRICK sit.  We're going to need details. Copious details. TYRION pours wine for everyone. Theon rides at a clip. He looks in anticipation for his sister. An arrow flies past his head, and he gasps. He cannot figure out where the arrow came from. Over the rise, four mounted soldiers appear, galloping towards him. Theon spurs on his mount in panic.  Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on. The soldiers close the distance to THEON. His horse jumps a broken wall as he rides into the trees. The soldiers give chase close behind. One swings a mace, and another shoots an arrow that zips past. One soldier veers off from the others into the woods, in an attempt to cut off THEON's escape.  Ha! Ha! They continue to fire at THEON. They all must duck to avoid a low branch. The last soldier has succeeded in his shortcut. He charges at Theon and unseats him with a powerful blow from his morningstar. THEON falls to the ground and gasps in pain.. The soldiers surround him, and dismount. THEON tries to get to his feet, but a SOLDIER kicks him back to the ground.  You know how we deal with runaways here, do you? One soldier places one foot on THEON's head to hold him down. Two others help.  Take off his pants. They strip down him pants to reveal his ass. THEON squirms in protest.  No! No! No, no, no!  I'm gonna fuck you into the dirt.  No, please! No, no, no! No, don't! As the soldier stands above him, an arrow pierces his heart from behind. He staggers and turns, confused.  No, please! No! No! A second arrow pierces the soldier's chest, and he falls to his knees. The others realize that they are under attack and start to flee. They are taken down quickly by arrows. THEON looks up, then works up his pants. RAMSAY approaches, bow in hand. The first soldier that he shot is still on his knees, in shock. RAMSAY stops in front of him, and reaches for another arrow.  You little bastard. RAMSAY notches the arrow, aims at the soldier's head, and executes him. THEON scrambles backwards in fear as RAMSAY approaches him. RAMSAY extends his hand, gently.  Come, my lord. THEON grasps his hand, and RAMSAY brings him to his feet.  You're a long way from home and winter is coming. They walk away together, THEON limping. LOCKE's men have made camp for the night. BRIENNE and JAIME are bound to trees while the men are gathered around a nearby fire.  I'll take the big bitch first. When she's good and wet, you lot can finish her off. LOCKE approahes. Two men help BRIENNE to her feet.  My lord, I am Brienne of Tarth. Lady Catelyn Stark commanded me to deliver Ser Jaime to King's Landing.  Catelyn Stark's a treasonous cunt. Orders were to take the Kingslayer alive. Nobody said shit about you. BRIENNE headbutts one of the four men around her. But with her hands bound, she has no chance. The men hold her and punch her into submission.  You're only making it worse. BRIENNE headbutts him again, and gets another series of blows in return.  Take her over there where it's dark. I'd like a little privacy.  Come on! BRIENNE yells and screams as they lead her away.  You know who she is, don't you?  A big dumb bitch from who cares where. Never been with a woman that big.  She's Brienne of Tarth. Her father is Lord Selwyn Tarth. Heard of Tarth?  I'm gonna cut your throat!  They call it the Sapphire Isle. Do you know why? Every sapphire in Westeros was mined on Tarth. Sapphires are gemstones. The blue ones.  I know what they are.  Lord Selwyn would pay his daughter's weight in sapphires if she's returned to him. But only if she's alive, her honor unbesmirched. BRIENNE screams and men yell in the distance while LOCKE processes this information. Then he turns towards his men.  Bring her back here.  Yes, my lord. Get up.  Come on.  Come on, on your feet.  Unbesmirched.  Not defiled.  Fancy word for a fancy man.  I hated to read as a child, but my father forced me to study the books every morning before I could practice with sword or horse. Two hours every day holed up in the maester's chambers. I learned a lot of fancy words.  I bet you did. The men tie BRIENNE to her tree once again. JAIME looks at her.  (screams)  Your father, he'd pay your weight in gold to get you back?  You'll be a rich man till the end of your days. And your sons will be rich men and their sons after them. Lands, titles-- you'll have them all. The North can't win this war. You're a smart man. You understand that. We have the numbers. We have the gold.  Aye, you have both.  Fighting bravely for a losing cause is admirable. Fighting for a winning cause is far more rewarding.  Hard to argue with that.  Now that we're speaking together man to man, I wonder if you need to keep me chained to this tree. I'm not asking to be freed from my constraints, but if I could sleep lying down, my back would thank you for it. I'm not as young and resilient as I was once.  None of us are. Unchain Ser Jaime from the tree.  Come on, men. The men unchain Jaime.  Suppose you'll be wanting something to eat.  I'm famished, actually.  I think we've got a spare partridge on the fire.  Well, I do like partridge. LOCKE helps him up. JAIME groans from his soreness. BRIENNE watches them walk away towards the fire.  Bring the bird over here and the carving knife. Will this work as a table, my lord?  Oh, yes. Yes, this will do nic-- ah! One of the men kick JAIME's knees out from under him. He falls to the ground.  On the stump. Another man forces JAIME's right hand onto the stump while the others hold him down. LOCKE grabs JAIME's face and draws the large carving knife, then places its point at Jaime's eye.  You think you're the smartest man there is. That everyone alive has to bow and scrape and lick your boots.  My father--  And if you get in any trouble, all you've got to do is say 'my father' and that's it, all your troubles are gone.  Don't.  Have you got something to say? JAIME does not respond.  Careful. You don't want to say the wrong thing. You're nothing without your daddy, and your daddy ain't here. Never forget that. Locke stands back up, releasing Jaime's face and withdrawing the knife.  Here, this should help you remember. LOCKE winds up and cleaves the huge knife through JAIME's wrist in a single blow. JAIME looks with disbelief at his severed hand, and then screams in agony. BRAN runs through the woods, holding a bow. He stops, eyes searching. He turns to move again, but a raven startles him as it swoops past his face and alights in a tree. BRAN steps closer, notches an arrow and takes aim.  Don't think too much, Bran. Suddenly, JON and ROBB are by his side.  Relax your bow arm. BRAN carefully lets the arrow fly. It misses and the raven takes flight. JON and ROBB laugh.  And which one of you was a marksman at 10? BRAN looks to the sky, trying to locate his father's voice.  Father? JOJEN appears next to him.  You can't kill it, you know.  Why not?  Because the raven is you. BRAN wakes suddenly and sits up. He was sleeping atop furs in an open tent. RICKON, in the cart nearby is startled awake by BRAN's movements. Their direwolves, Summer and Shaggydog, stand near them. HODOR leans down to check on BRAN while OSHA sits nearby, sharpening sharpens a stick.  Hodor.  It's all right, Hodor.  Hodor.  Were you inside the wolf again, little lord?  No, it was the three-eyed raven.  He's back.  I tried to kill it, but I couldn't. There was a boy.  I don't want to hear about it.  But you asked.  We've got plenty of worries. We don't need to pour black magic on top of them.  I didn't ask for black magic dreams.  I know you didn't, little lord. Birds screech in the distance. OSHA looks up, concerned at their disturbance.  We need to move. She stands and puts away her knife.  We don't know who might be after us. No one even knows we're alive.  And who told you that? The three-eyed raven tell you?  No.  Some good he is, then. OSHA begins to pack up camp.  I don't know what other people know and what they don't. I only know the Wall is a long way off. ROBB looks pensively into a fire. TALISA stands nearby.  My mother always told me you Westerosi were a grim lot. Grim, bearded, stinking barbarians that would row across the Narrow Sea and steal us from our beds. TALISA walks over to ROBB and half-embraces him  Did you ever think you'd marry one?  I never thought I'd marry anyone at all.  Never?  Not until I met the king of the grim, bearded, stinking barbarians. They kiss. The chamber door opens and ROOSE BOLTON enters.  Pardon me, Your Grace. My queen.  Lord Bolton. ROOSE holds two pieces raven messages, one in each hand.  Let me guess which one is the good news. ROOSE BOLTON: Word from Riverrun and Winterfell. ROBB stands and and CATELYN sits in an archway. CATELYN is dejected.  I hadn't seen him in years. I don't even know how many.  We'll travel to the funeral together. Lord Bolton will garrison here until we return.  Will I be wearing manacles when I lay my father to rest? ROBB does not answer.  Something else?  By the time Bolton's bastard-RAMSAY got to Winterfell, the ironborn were gone. They massacred everyone and put the castle to the torch. And BRAN and RICKON have not been found. They may have escaped. Or Theon may have taken them back to the Iron Islands as hostages.  Have you received any demands?  No.  Have you heard anything from Theon at all? THEON is bound on an X-shaped cross in a dungeon. Someone drenches him with a bucket of water to wake him. He wakes, shaking, and takes stock of his location. A blurry TORTURER looks on.  Where am I? Who are you? What do you want? The TORTURER approaches and grabs THEON's hand, roughly.  I want to do this. The TORTURER thrusts an awl under THEON's finger nail. THEON screams in pain. JAIME and BRIENNE make their way through a hedge. JAIME's hands are bound, and BRIENNE has him leashed.  Do you know how long it's going to take us to get to King's Landing walking through fields and forests?  Yes. They walk through the field. BRIENNE occassionally pushes JAIME forward.  So how shall we pass the time?  By putting one foot in front of the other.  It's going to be a very dull walk.  I'm here to take you to King's Landing and bring back Lady Stark's daughters in exchange. Dull is fine.  You know, it doesn't matter how loyal a servant you are, no one enjoys the company of a humorless mute. Trust me on this. People have been serving me since I was born. You think Lady Stark is going to want a giant towheaded plank following her around for the rest of her life? A week's journey with you and she'll order you to fall on your sword.  If Lady Stark is unhappy with any aspect of my service, I'm sure she'll let me know. She's an honest woman.  All the good it's done her. JAIME relieves himself on a tree, while BRIENNE looks on.  How did you come into Lady Stark's service? There's something we can talk about.  Not your concern, Kingslayer.  It had to be recently. You weren't with her at Winterfell.  How would you know?  Because I visited Winterfell. I would have noticed your dour head smacking into the archways. She yanks on his leash and they move on.  Move.  Were you pledged to Stannis?  Gods, no.  Ah, Renly. Really? He wasn't fit to rule over anything more important than a 12-course meal.  Shut your mouth.  Why? I lived with him at court since he was a boy, don't forget. Could hardly escape the little tulip. Skipping down the corridors in his embroidered silks. I knew him far better than you.  I knew him as well as anyone. As a member of his Kingsguard, he trusted me with everything. He would have been a wonderful king.  Sounds like you quite fancied him.  I did not fancy him.  Oh, gods, you did.  Did you ever tell him? No, of course not. You weren't Renly's type, I'm afraid. BRIENNE yanks on his leash in response.  He preferred curly-haired little girls like Loras Tyrell. You're far too much man for him.  I'm not interested in foul rumors.  Unless they're about me. It's all true about Renly. His proclivities were the worst kept secret at court. It's a shame the throne isn't made out of cocks. They'd have never got him off it. BRIENNE grabs the back of JAIME's head and yanks roughly. She puts her face directly in his.  Shut your mouth!  I don't blame him. And I don't blame you, either. We don't get to choose who we love. A man approaches, leading a horse.  Where are you headed, then?  South. You?  Riverrun. Staying off the kingsroad, are you? They get you no matter where you go. You can't win.  No, you really can't. They both laugh, kindly.  Looks like you're safe enough, though. Meaning no offense, my lady, but I wouldn't tangle with you. Seven blessings to you.  And you. The man starts to walk away, but looks back over his shoulder.  He knows who I am.  He doesn't.  Maybe you're right. But what if you're not? What if he tells someone?  We're not doing it. He's an innocent man.  More innocent than Lady Stark's daughters? BRIENNE pushes JAIME forward, and leads him further along in the woods. Joffrey is being fitted by a TAILOR. CERSEI, seated nearby, looks on.  Make it tighter here.  That's better. It makes you look very strong. The TAILOR lays some sample fabric on Joffrey's shoulder. Displeased, Joffrey snatches it away.  No flowers. I said no flowers. All these are wrong. Bring others. JOFFREY dismisses the TAILOR.  Yes, Your Grace. The TAILOR exits.  Bloody flowers. On the king.  Looks like a Tyrell rose. Give it to Margaery for her wedding gown. Should be more than enough fabric. Joffrey tosses the fabric away and moves to his bed to change back into his clothes.  Tell me what you think of her.  Who?  Margaery.  She's an ideal match. With the Tyrells beside us, we'll crush the Northerners. Hang their lords, burn their strongholds, sow their fields with salt, and no one will think of rebelling for another century.  It is a good match, but what do you think of her? She's beautiful and intelligent.  Yes, she is.  Her concern with the well-being of the common people is interesting.  Not to me.  I only meant that to go out of your way to endanger yourself.  This is becoming one of the most boring conversations I've ever had. CERSEI stands.  Margaery Tyrell dotes on filthy urchins for a reason. She dresses like a harlot for a reason. She married a traitor and known degenerate like Renly Baratheon for a reason.  She married Renly Baratheon because she was told to. That's what intelligent women do-what they're told. CERSEI reaches out to him, but JOFFREY pushes her hand away.  You need to ask yourself  I don't need to do anything. The TAILOR returns with a different fabric sample. He drapes it on JOFFREY's shoulder.  Better. Much better. SHAE brushes SANSA's hair as SANSA sits before a mirror.  I still don't believe it.  He didn't. He didn't want anything. He just takes an interest because he loved my mother.  Men only want one thing from a pretty girl.  Littlefinger's not in love with me. SHAE helps SANSA into her dress.  Love is not the thing he wants.  He's too old.  They never see it that way. He didn't ask you to do something for him? Spy on someone or?  No.  If he does ask you for anything or try anything or touch you, I want you to tell me.  Why? What will you do? I will make him stop. There is a knock on the door.  Ser Loras Tyrell, my lady.  Send him in. SHAE opens the door and LORAS enters.  Lady Sansa.  Ser Loras.  My sister Margaery invites you to take the air with her and our grandmother the Lady Olenna in the gardens. May I escort you to them? SANSA exits with LORAS, while SHAE watches with concern. SANSA and LORAS stroll together through the garden, her arm in his.  I believe you grow more beautiful every day, Lady Sansa.  You are too kind, Ser Loras. You probably don't remember the first time we met. At the Hand's tourney, you gave me your favor. A rose, a red rose.  Of course I did. They approach MARGAERY.  (to a maid) It's more your color. You take it.  Thank you.  (to LORAS) You're such a dear.  I'll take my leave. Lady Sansa.  Thank you, Ser Loras. LORAS exits. MARGAERY leads SANSA to a patio, filled with maids.  Come. Lady Sansa, it is my honor to present my grandmother the Lady Olenna of House Tyrell. They walk to Olenna, who is seated in the patio.  Kiss me, child. Olenna extends her hand, and SANSA kisses it in greeting.  It's so good of you to visit me and my foolish flock of hens. We're very sorry for your losses.  And I was sorry when I heard of Lord Renly's death, Lady Margaery. He was very gallant.  Gallant, yes. And charming and very clean. He knew how to dress and smile and somehow this gave him the notion he was fit to be king.  Renly was brave and gentle, Grandmother. Father liked him and so did Loras.  Loras is young and very good at knocking men off horses with a stick. That does not make him wise. As to your fathead father-  Grandmother! What will Sansa think of us?  She might think we have some wits about us. One of us, at any rate. It was treason. I warned them. Robert has two sons and Renly has an older brother. How could he possibly have any claim to that ugly iron chair? We should have stayed well out of all this if you ask me. But once the cow's been milked, there's no squirting the cream back up her udders. So here we are to see things through. What do you say to that, Sansa? Shall we have some lemon cakes?  Lemon cake's my favorite.  So we've been told. (To the SERVANT) Are you going to bring the food or do you mean to starve us to death? Here, Sansa, come sit with me. I'm much less boring than these others. They move to a table away from the others.  Do you know my son? The Lord of Highgarden?  I haven't had the pleasure.  No great pleasure, believe me. A ponderous oaf. His father was an oaf as well. My husband, the late Lord Luthor. He managed to ride off a cliff whilst hawking. They say he was looking up at the sky and paying no mind to where his horse was taking him. And now my son is doing the same, only this time he's riding a lion instead of a horse. Now I want you to tell me the truth about this royal boy, this Joffrey.  I--, I--  You, you. Who else would know better? We've heard some troubling tales. Is there any truth to them? Has this boy mistreated you? SANSA looks down and doesn't reply.  Has he ripped out your tongue?  Joff-King Joffrey, he-His Grace is very fair and handsome and as brave as a lion  Yes, all Lannisters are lions. And when a Tyrell farts, it smells like a rose. But how kind is he? How clever? Has he a good heart, a gentle hand?  I'm to be his wife. I only want to know what that means. A SERVANT approaches and brings a platter.  Bring me some cheese.  The cheese will be served after the cakes, my lady.  The cheese will be served when I want it served. And I want it served now. The SERVANT nods and exits quickly.  Are you frightened, child? No need for that. We're only women here. Tell us the truth. No harm will come to you.  My father always told the truth.  Yes, he had that reputation. And they named him traitor and took his head.  Joffrey. Joffrey did that. He promised he would be merciful and he cut my father's head off. And he said that was mercy. Then he took me up on the walls and made me look at it. SANSA holds back tears.  Go on. SANSA regains her compsure.  I-I can't. I never meant-my father was a traitor. My brother as well. I have traitor's blood. Please don't make me say anymore.  She's terrified, Grandmother. Just look at her.  Speak freely, child. We would never betray your confidence, I swear it.  He's a monster.  Ah. That's a pity.  Please, don't stop the wedding.  Have no fear. The Lord Oaf of Highgarden is determined that Margaery shall be queen. Even so, we thank you for the truth. Ah, here comes my cheese. The SERVANT sets down the tray and slips away. SANSA sighs in resignation. ROBB's forces move along a path through the woods. The direwolf Grey Wind watches as RICKARD KARSTARK and ROBB watch the men march past.  We're at war. This march is a distraction.  My grandfather's funeral is not a distraction. RICKARD KARSTARK: Are we riding to battle at Riverrun?  No. RICKARD KARSTARK: Then it's a distraction.  My Uncle Edmure has his forces garrisoned there. We need his men. RICKARD KARSTARK: Unless he's been breeding them, he don't have enough to make a difference.  Have you lost faith in our cause? RICKARD KARSTARK: If it's revenge, I still got faith in it.  If you no longer believe- RICKARD KARSTARK: I can believe till it snows in Dorne. Don't change the fact that we've got half the men.  You don't think we can win? RICKARD KARSTARK: May I speak my mind, Your Grace?  Have you not been speaking your mind, Lord Karstark? RICKARD KARSTARK: I think you lost this war the day you married her. TALISA rides past. CATELYN weaves a wooden circle bound with twine . TALISA rides up and dismounts with the help of a soldier, her mount whinnying.  Whoa, whoa.  Your Grace.  You're afraid of her. And she knows it.  I'm not afraid of her. May I help you, Lady Stark?  No.  I'm sorry, I shouldn't have-  You can't help because a mother makes one for her children to protect them. Only a mother can make them.  You've made them before? TALISA sits.  Twice.  Did they work?  After a fashion. I prayed for my son Bran to survive his fall.  (Nods.)  Many years before that, one of the boys came down with the pox. Maester Luwin said if he made it through the night, he'd live. But it would be a very long night. So I sat with him all through the darkness. Listened to his ragged little breaths, his coughing, his whimpering.  Which boy?  Jon Snow. When my husband brought that baby home from the war, I couldn't bear to look at him. I didn't want to see those brown stranger's eyes staring up at me. So I prayed to the gods, take him away. Make him die. He got the pox. And I knew I was the worst woman who ever lived. A murderer. I'd condemned this poor, innocent child to a horrible death all because I was jealous of his mother. A woman he didn't even know. So I prayed to all seven gods, let the boy live. Let him live and I'll love him. I'll be a mother to him. I'll beg my husband to give him a true name, to call him Stark and be done with it, to make him one of us.  And he lived.  And he lived. And I couldn't keep my promise. And everything that's happened since then all this horror that's come to my family it's all because I couldn't love a motherless child. The wildlings march through the mountains. JON and MANCE stop to talk.  Was it hard for you to kill the Halfhand?  Yes.  You liked him? I like you, but if you're playing us false, it won't be hard for me to kill you. I've got wildling blood in my veins. These are my people.  I understand.  Well, how could you understand?  You want to protect your people.  Do you know what it takes to unite 90 clans, half of whom want to massacre the other half for one insult or another? They speak seven different languages in my army. The Thenns hate the Hornfoots. The Hornfoots hate the ice-river clans. Everyone hates the cave people. So you know how I got moon worshippers and cannibals and giants to march together in the same army?  No.  I told them we were all going to die if we don't get south. Because that's the truth. MANCE starts walking again. MANCE and JON join TORMUND, YGRITTE and ORREL. ORREL sits, eyes white, looking up to a raven.  Shouldn't be long now.  What's wrong with him?  He's a warg. He can enter the mind of animals, see through their eyes. He's scouting for us.  What, you've never met a warg? The raven continues to circle overhead.  Orell. ORELL returns to consciousness.  Where were you this time?  The Fist of the First Men.  What did you see?  Dead crows. The Night's Watch march through the snow covered mountains, looking exhausted.  What's the matter, Piggy? You crying 'cause you're cold? There's 200 brothers killed by dead men and you're still here whimpering. That seem fair to you? I seen 'em torn to pieces fighting while you was off somewhere hiding in a hole. Why don't you lie down and rest for a while, eh? You know you want to. RAST moves ahead. SAM is drained. He falls to his knees. RAST looks back, satisfied. Then GRENN notices that SAM has given up. GRENN and EDDISON TOLLETT walk back to him  Hey. Get up, Sam.  No.  Get up.  I can't.  If you stop, you'll die.  'Course if you don't stop, you'll probably die, too.  You don't care. EDDISON TOLLETT: 'Course we care.  You left me. When the white walkers came, you left me.  Aye, we left you. You're fat and you're slow. We didn't want to die.  Help me get him up. GRENN and EDDISON TOLLETT try to help SAM to his feet. RAST comes back to the trio.  Looks like that piggy is done for.  Help us get him up.  He's slowing us down.  Just get him up!  Why? So the rest of us can die? We'll move faster without him. JEOR comes back to see what is happening.  What is this? Get up, Tarly. Is he all right?  Aye, I think so.  If he can't, we may as well just go without him.  That's enough. Tarly, I forbid you to die. Do you hear me?  (nods)  Why should the rest of us-  Rast you're responsible for him.  What am I supposed to do?  Make sure he gets back alive. If he doesn't, you don't. Move on! JEOR exits. SAM starts to follow, dazed and exhausted.  I'm not dying for you, Piggy. You hear me? They all walk on. BRAN lies sleeping on some furs. A branch snaps in the distance and he wakes with a start. OSHA and Summer are hunched and alert. OSHA has her makeshift spear at the ready.  Where's Rickon and Hodor?  Looking for food.  What's out there? OSHA creeps forward and then runs into the woods. Summer growls. A young figure approaches. He looks curiously at BRAN. Summer growls more fiercely. From behind him, OSHA places her spearpoint on JOJEN's neck.  Not another step, boy. Unless you want to drown in your own blood.  I'm unarmed.  That was poor planning.  My sister carries the weapons. MEERA appears quietly, slipping a knife to OSHA's throat, creating.a stand-off.  I'm better with them. Drop the spear. OSHA doesn't comply.  Drop it. OSHA releases the spear.  If you kill me, that wolf will tear you to bits. Summer continues to growl in warning. JOJEN approaches the direwolf.  You must be Summer. Summer immediately stops growling. JOJEN holds out his hand. Summer sniffs it, and is pleased. The direwolf walks away. JOJEN approaches BRAN.  I'm Jojen Reed. This is my sister Meera. We've come a long way to find you, Brandon. And we have much farther to go. GENDRY, ARYA and HOT PIE walk through the woods, weapons drawn.  I'm just trying to understand.  Would you please shut up about it?  Jaqen H'ghar offered you three kills.  I'm not listening.  But just explain it to me. He offered to kill any three people you wanted. Dead. All you had to do was give him the names. Anyone. You could have picked King Joffrey.  Shut up.  You could have picked Tywin Lannister.  Jaqen got us out of Harrenhal, so why are you complaining?  But you could have ended the war.  Where are we going?  North. They pause in the woods.  If we were going north, we should have come to the Red Fork River by now.  Maybe we already passed it.  It's 100 feet wide. How could we have passed it? If we hit the Red Fork, we can follow it west to Riverrun. My mother grew up there. My grandfather he's a lord. He'll protect us. They hear some far-away singing.  Could be a minstrel.  Shut up.  A lion still has claws HOT PIE: A minstrel's got gold sometimes. We could jump him, tie him up, steal his gold, and buy some food.  Shh. They crouch to hide behind a broken wall, and watch a handful of men approach. One is singing.  And so he spoke, and so he spoke That Lord of Castamere But now the rains Weep o'er his hall With no one there to hear. An arrow whistles past the trio, surprising them. It embeds in a tree trunk behind them. They spin to hide out of sight.  What's lurking behind that wall? A lion? A wolf?  Just a dirty little cub, I think.  Loose a few more shafts. ARYA steps out of hiding.  Don't. THOROS and ANGUY look down at her from the path. THOROS takes a deep drink.  Put the sword down, girl.  You go on down the road. Just keep on singing so we know where you are. Leave us be and I won't kill you.  Generous.  You're a dangerous person. I like dangerous people. Why are your friends so shy?  What friends?  The fat to your left and the lad beside him. Resigned, GENDRY steps out and pulls HOT PIE with him. They ready their weapons. THOROS responds, and his party swiftly comes over the wall to face the trio. They do not draw weapons.  Three young ones on the run carrying castle-forged swords. You escape from Harrenhal?  Who are you?  Thoros of Myr. And the fellow here with the bow is Anguy.  No, who do you fight for?  The Brotherhood without Banners. Now come along. I want to hear how two boys and a very dangerous girl escaped Harrenhal.  I'm not going with them. The Brotherhood? That's who the Mountain and them lot were looking for. They'll bring us back and put rats in us.  You've got nothing to fear from us, son. The lords of Westeros want to burn the countryside. We're trying to save it. Now come on. We'll talk some more over brown bread and stew. And then you can go on your way. HOT PIE takes a few steps back. ANGUY notches an arrow in response. ARYA, GENDRY and HOT PIE raise their weapons, nervously.  Here's the thing, fat ANGUY shoots the arrow into the sky.  When I'm done talking, that arrow's falling down on your fat head. So I advise you move, because I'm done talking. HOT PIE lurches forward two steps. The arrow lands, burying itself where HOT PIE was just standing. THOROS motions for the trio to move with them. Some men chuckle, and then everyone scrambles over the broken wall in turn.  Half the country's starving and look at this one.  Maybe he's the reason half the country's starving. THOROS follows HOT PIE. ANGUY, pulls his arrow from the tree trunk. TYRION returns to his quarters. SHAE lies waiting for him.  My lion.  We've spoken of this. You cannot come here. They kiss.  But you said I should come to you with any problems.  Did anyone see you? No.  No.  You sure? My father does not make idle threats. Having you killed would be the high point of his week. You have to be absolutely certain. They kiss again.  All right. What is this problem?  I'm worried about Sansa. When she spoke with Lord Baelish, his friend warned me about him.  Baelish doesn't have friends.  I don't know her name.  Oh, Ros? The redhead?  How do you know her?  I try to know as many people as I can. You never know which one you'll need.  She's a whore.  Yes, well, we shouldn't be judgmental about these things.  You fucked her.  Oh, please. All right, yes, I fucked her once. Twice. SHAE slaps at his chest, playful, and stands up to walk from the bed to pout.  But since I met you, my lady, I've been with no one else.  And was she good? Did you like her?  Not as much as I like you, obviously, or she'd be the one torturing me right now. What did she say about Littlefinger?  That Sansa shouldn't trust him.  Is there an idiot in any village who trusts Littlefinger?  We have to protect her. SHAE begins to pet him with affection.  We can't. Now that the Lannisters have discarded her, Sansa will have many suitors. A great beauty with a very old name. SHAE pushes him again.  A great beauty? Oh, a great beauty?  Yes, she is, objectively, very. Her face is quite pleasing-to other men and to women, people in general. But not to me, of course. I only have eyes for you.  You pervert. You want her? This child?  I don't even want to talk about her.  But you are.  Only because you're making me. SHAE grabs his chin and looks directly at him.  I didn't force you to open your mouth and make words come out.  This is cruel and unfair. Cruelly unfair.  Oh, the cruelty. Shae is so cruel to me.  Hmm, yes. They kiss.  Now do you think I'm cruel? She begins to undress him.  Only if you stop. But you mustn't come here again. She kisses him, loosens his cloths, and kisses him lower.  Do you hear me? You've come to a dangerous place full of dangerous people. Dangerous people. MARGAERY walks through the courtyard, accompanied by guards. JOFFREY sits holding his crossbow. A guard knocks on the door.  Lady Tyrell, my king.  Send her in. The door opens, and MARGAERY enters.  You wanted to see me, Your Grace?  I'm leaving on a hunting trip. I just wanted to make sure you had everything you need before I left.  That's very thoughtful, Your Grace. I have everything I could want.  Good. Good. How are you finding life in the capital? It must be quite a change after Renly's camp. She approaches.  A welcome one. A military encampment is no place for a lady.  And the bedside of a traitor? Is that a place for a lady?  Your Grace, I tried to do my duty as a wife, that is all.  What was your duty to this traitor as you saw it?  The duty of any wife to any husband-to provide him with children.  You failed to do this.  Why? I-I would not speak ill of the dead, Your Grace.  You think one ought to speak kindly of a traitor merely because he's had a sword put through his heart?  No. I do beg your pardon. The subtleties of politics are often lost on me. Renly I don't believe he was interested in the company of women.  What makes you say this? MARGAERY sits next to JOFFREY.  Whenever I wanted to make a child with him, he-he had so many excuses, so many late-night war councils. He never wanted to try. Except one evening, after he'd had far too much wine to drink, he suggested something-something that sounded very painful and couldn't possibly result in children. Maybe the fault was with me.  No, he was a known degenerate.  It's such a relief to hear you say so, Your Grace.  Mmm. I've considered making his perversion punishable by death.  As is your right. You must do whatever you need to do. MARGAERY strokes the crossbow.  You are the king.  Yes. I am. JOFFREY looks at his crossbow, a bit excited.  Do you like it? I just had it made. Probably one of the finest weapons in the Seven Kingdoms.  It's beautiful. Will you show me how it works?  It's a new design. Much easier to load. There's no crank. You use this lever to draw the string. JOFFREY uses the lever to cock the bow.  The bolt goes here. MARGAERY hands him the bolt, daintily. He takes it and arms the bow. He stands, weapon braced at his waist, and looks for a target.  And then you just aim and JOFFREY releases the bolt and pierces the head of a stuffed boar. MARGAERY erupts in applause and laughs. She stands.  Would you take me hunting sometime? Forgive me, Your Grace. I know a hunt is no place for a woman.  It's not unheard of.  My father would never let me before- JOFFREY: You no longer belong to him. Do you want to hold it?  May I? Please. JOFFREY hands her the crossbow, and helps MARGAERY into a proper stance. They stand, posed and close.  I imagine it must be so exciting to squeeze your finger here and watch something die over there.  Could you do it? Could you kill something?.  I don't know, Your Grace Do you think I could?  Yes.  Would you like to watch me?  Yes. THEON screams as the TORTURER's ASSISTANT turns a huge screw that is planted on his foot.  Stop! Stop!  Tell us the truth.  (screaming) About what? The ASSISTANT turns the screw again.  I don't know what you want.  I want the truth.  What truth?  Why'd you take Winterfell?  I took it to-I took it-  Who gave the orders?  No one. I took it on my own.  Why?  To take the North while it was vulnerable.  What were you going to do once you took it?  Hold it. Rule it.  Good. That's very good. The ASSISTANT turns the screw again. Blood well ups around it as THEON screams.  Why did you do that?  I told you. Why did you take Winterfell?  I took it to bring glory to my house and my father. The TORTURER approaches.  (panicking) Wait. Wait, wait, wait. I took it because I hated the Starks. I hated them for holding me prisoner. I wanted to hurt them. The TORTURER steps even closer.  What are you doing? The TORTURER places a hood over THEON's head.  Please. The ASSISTANT turns the screw, and THEON screams. The TORTURER walks away, followed by his team. They leave one lowly cleaning boy, RAMSAY, behind.  I'll tell you anything. Just take it off. Please. Please, just take it off. The door closes shut. RAMSAY removes the hood from THEON. He is surprised.  Your sister sent me.  Yara? RAMSAY releases the pressure on his foot.  I'll come for you tonight when the castle sleeps. RAMSAY places the hood back onto THEON's head, and leaves.  No, don't go. Please, please. No, please don't leave me. Please, please. Please, please don't go! Please. Please. Don't leave me. Please don't go. HODOR, RICKON, OSHA, Jojan and MEERA walk along a narrow road. HODOR pulls the cart carrying BRAN. The direwolves are nearby. RICKON, runs excitedly down the hill.  Rickon, stay with us.  It's all right. The wolves will protect him. BRAN nods to Summer, who turns to follow RICKON. They continue on the path.  You can get inside his head, see through his eyes.  Only when I'm asleep.  That's how it begins until you learn to control it. You're a warg.  It's not just wolves. Sometimes in my dreams there's a-  A three-eyed raven?  You've seen it?  We saw him together. You haven't forgotten?  Does it have anything to do with warging?  No, the raven is something different, something deeper. The raven brings the sight.  Seeing things that haven't happened yet?  Or things that happened long before you were born or things that are happening right now thousands of miles away.  What's he telling him?  Why don't you ask?  Isn't he ashamed, your brother, needing you to protect him?  Where's the shame in that?  Any boy his age who needs his sister to protect him is gonna find himself needing lots of protecting.  Some people will always need help. That doesn't mean they're not worth helping.  When my father died, I dreamt it.  You didn't dream it. You saw it. So did I.  You have the sight, too?  (Nods.) When I told my father about your father for the first time in my life, I saw him cry.  Your father is Howland Reed? Yeah.  Yeah.  He saved my father's life during the rebellion.  Your father told you about the rebellion? Mine never did. But I saw that, too.  What else have you seen?  Only one thing that matters-you. The tavern is lively with drinking and laughing  I never liked the skinny ones. Like drinking from a puddle. Not that I'm averse to drinking from a puddle every now and again, you understand. Nearby, THOROS sits with ARYA, GENDRY and HOT PIE. He pours some ale for ARYA.  I don't drink ale.  There's no story so good a drink won't make it better.  Yeah!  You see? They've all suffered through my bouts of sobriety. It's very tedious for all concerned. Now, how did three children-  We're not children.  How did three young persons such as yourselves, untrained in the art of war, escape from Harrenhal?  Gendry's a smith. He was apprenticed in the armory.  A smith, eh? Where'd you train?  King's Landing. Tobho Mott's shop.  That criminal. He charges twice as much as every other armorer in the city.  That's because he's twice as good.  Aha! A smith and a salesman.  Gendry stole us weapons.  Ah, fought your way out of Harrenhal, I see.  He knows how to use a sword and so do I. The men laugh.  My brothers taught me. The men laugh again. ARYA stands to prove herself. She draws her sword and points it at THOROS's throat.  Ooh! THOROS looks at the blade, and feints a drink. Instead, he rises, draws his sword and disarms ARYA with a sweeping move of his blade. Surprised, ARYA steps backward, afraid. The men cheer. THOROS takes some dramatic and slightly drunken steps, then relents. He turns to rejoin the table, taking up some ale along the way.  To your brothers! The men cheer. ARYA meekly picks up her weapon and sits back down at the table, next to the silent GENDRY and HOT PIE.  You can finish your meals before you go. It may be awhile before you see another.  You'll free us?  I gave you my word. The trio rises. So does THOROS. But before you go, allow me to raise a cup to your- THOROS is interrupted by the smiling entrance of ANGUY and more brothers, with a large hooded captive. They are proud of their capture.  Hey, hey. The men cheer.  Now that is an uncommonly large person. How does one manage to subdue such an uncommonly large person?  One waits for him to drink until he passes out.  Poor man. You have my sympathy. He removes the hood. The captive is the HOUND. ARYA is worried, and turns away before she can be seen.  Aha, not a man at all. A Hound! The men howl in jest.  So good to see you again, Clegane.  Thoros? The fuck you doing here?  Drinking and talking too much. Same as ever. HOT PIE, GENDRY and ARYA start to leave.  A pretty prize, lads.  Yeah! The HOUND recognizes ARYA.  Girl. ARYA freezes, then turns to face him.  What in seven hells are you doing with the Stark bitch? JAIME and BRIENNE walk along a river and approach a stone bridge.  It's a tough decision-take the bridge and risk being seen or cross the great water.  Silence, Kingslayer.  Anyone can see us on the bridge, but cross by water and the current could take us or I could escape down the river.  Good luck.  It's wonderful to watch you wrestle with these dilemmas. Which will she choose? BRIENNE and JAIME have chosen the bridge.  Gambler at heart. Wouldn't have guessed.  Be quick about it. When they reach the middle of the bridge, JAIME sits down, back to the wall.  I need to rest.  Get up.  I have these, you know, on your feet when you walk too far. What do you call them?  Get up now. She looks around, feeling nervous and exposed.  Corns. I never used to get corns. Of course I used to ride everywhere, not march around like a common foot soldier wearing the same shit boots for over a year. BRIENNE tires of his ploy. He grabs him and tries to make JAIME stand back up.  This heel is ruined. There's no way- JAIME takes his opportunity and grabs BRIENNE's sword from its sheath. He runs as far as he can before the rope stops him. He cuts it with the sword. His hands are still bound, but he measures the feel of the sword, and chuckles.  I never understood why some knights felt the need to carry two swords. BRIENNE takes an aggressive stance. JAIME is playful and cavalier, trying to goad BRIENNE into making an ill-conceived move. She remains conservative in her tactics. They take stock of one another.  Ooh. You move well for a great beast of a woman. JAIME begins an attack. Their sword clash.  You shouldn't grimace before you lunge. It gives away the game. JAIME lunges again and pushes BRIENNE back. She counters, but he regains momentum. In a spinning move, they switch places.  Bit of a quandary for you. If you kill me, you fail Lady Stark. But if you don't kill me, I'm going to kill you. He attacks again. They end with their swords in contest and switch to a game of strength and leverage.  You're good. Graceless, but good. BRIENNE uses her hilt to break the deadlock with an upward thrust of her sword. They face off again. This time, BRIENNE goes on the attack. She gains the advantage, and knees him in the stomach.  See? If you were willing to hurt me, you might have had me there. JAIME spins to increase the force of his attacking blow, and drives BRIENNE back down the bridge. Their shouldersa collide and they face off once again, panting heavily. JAIME starts a new assault, but BRIENNE parries and gains the upper hand. She punches him in the jaw and he reels to the bridge wall. BRIENNE's next blow misses, but ignites sparks on the wall. BRIENNE grows stronger and confident as JAIME is beaten. Exhausted, he ends up on the ground. A horse neighs just off the bridge, and BRIENNE looks to locate who has joined them. Three mounted men ride out from the woods, with additional forces behind.  Looks like your woman's getting the better of you, if you can call that a woman.  We enjoy a good fight. Gets our juices flowing. The Flayed Man of House Bolton. A bit gruesome for my taste.  You sure he's the one? The MAN that JAIME and BRIENNE encountered in the woods is brought forth.  That's him, all right. I saw him fight at the tourney for Ser Willem Frey's wedding.  Give the man his silver.  Let us go and my father will pay you whatever you want.  Enough to buy me a new head? If the King in the North hears I had the Kingslayer and let him go, he'll be taking it right off. I'd rather he takes yours. The mounted men move forward onto the bridge. BRIENNE and JAIME step backward, with no options available to hold off such numbers. The screen is black. A white walker unleashes a horrendous screech. Weapons clash while men grunt and scream in the sounds of battle.  Fall back! It is dawn. The wind howls as Sam runs, desperate and exhausted, through blizzard conditions of blinding snow.  ( Panting and breathing heavily. ) Sam comes to a halt. Just ahead, Night's Watchman kneels in the snow.  Brother? Sam approaches the kneeling figure, and realizes that the man is decapitated and holding his own lifeless head in his lap. Sam looks ill and defeated. Behind him, a figure strides towards him, axe drawn. Sam turns and his eyes widen as he sees the undead freefolk striding towards him. The ghoul raises his axe to strike, and Sam recoils and falls. As the last moment, a direwolf pounces on the undead man, saving Sam's life. As Sam lies stunned, Ghost pulls the his attacker away by the ankle. The ghoul shakes his way free and claws forward to Sam, grabbing at his legs. As Sam scrambles backwards, a torch lights the ghoul on fire. Engulfed in flames, the undead wildling finally collapses. Sam looks up to see Jeor and the Night's Watch. He rises.  Did you send the ravens? Sam keeps his eyes on the ground in shame.  Tarly, look at me. Did you send the ravens?  (Shakes his head.)  That was your job. Your only job. We need to get back to the Wall. It's a long march. We know what's out there, but we have to make it, have to warn them or before winter's done, everyone you've ever known will be dead. MAIN CREDITS The party, including RATTLESHIRT, JON SNOW and YGRITTE, return to the bustling wildling camp. A giant walks by, carrying a bundle of huge stakes. JON is awed.  First time you've seen a giant, Jon Snow?  (Nods) The giant drives a large stake into the ground.  Well, don't stare too long. They're shy. When they stop being shy, they get angry. And when they're angry, I've seen them pound a man straight into the ground like a hammer on a nail. The giant finishes his work and looks at Jon, growling. The party continues to walk through the camp, and the wildlings heckle JON has he passes.  Crow!  Crow!  Look over there!  Crow!  Crow! Look over here! Look!  Ah, look, crow coming!  Crow!  You're wearing the wrong color.  Mance was a ranger.  In your hearts, all you crows want to fly free.  When I'm free, will I be free to go?  Crow!  Crow! Boys throw rocks at JON SNOW.  Sure, you will. YGRITTE swats a boy with her staff.  Oh! ( laughter )  And I'll be free to kill you. Got no respect, this lot. Got no fathers to slap 'em when they're foul.  What happened to their fathers?  Some of them were killed by crows like you. Don't look so grim, Jon Snow. If Mance Rayder likes you, you'll live another day. And if he don't... RATTLESHIRT, JON and YGRITTE enter the tent. TORMUND eats hungrily by the fire.  I smell a crow.  We killed his friends. Thought you'd want to question this one.  What do we want with a baby crow?  This baby killed Qhorin Halfhand. He wants to be one of us. TORMUND rises and stares at JON.  That half-handed cunt killed friends of mine. Friends twice your size.  My father told me big men fall just as quick as little ones if you put a sword through their hearts.  Plenty of little men tried to put their swords through my heart. And there's plenty of little skeletons buried in the woods. What's your name, boy?  Jon Snow. JON kneels before TORMUND, mistaking him for MANCE RAYDER, the King-beyond-the-Wall.  Your Grace. The wildlings laugh  Your Grace? Did you hear that? From now on, you'd better kneel every time I fart. ( Laughs. ) Mance rises from the back of the tent.  Stand, boy. We don't kneel for anyone beyond the Wall. JON rises.  So, you're Ned Stark's bastard. Thank you for the gift, Lord of Bones. You can leave us. Lord of Bones leaves. YGRITTE gives JON a look, and exits as well.  The girl likes you. You like her back, Snow? That why you want to join us?  Don't panic, boy. This isn't the damned Night's Watch where we make you swear off girls.  This chicken eater you thought was king is Tormund Giantsbane.  Can't believe this pup killed the Halfhand.  He was our enemy and I'm glad he's dead. MANCE extends his hand, and JON SNOW shakes it. Mance holds on firmly.  He was my brother once. Back when he had a whole hand. What were you doing with him?  The Lord Commander sent me to the Halfhand for seasoning.  Why?  He wants me to lead one day.  But here you are, a traitor kneeling before the King-beyond-the-Wall.  If I'm a traitor, then you are, too. TORMUND glowers.  Why do you want to join us, Jon Snow?  (Hesitates.) I want to be free.  No, I don't think so. I think what you want most of all is to be a hero. I'll ask you one last time ... why do you want to join us? MANCE's guard rise and close in, menacingly.  We stopped at Craster's Keep on the way north. I saw...  You saw what?  I saw Craster take his own baby boy and leave it in the woods. I saw what took it.  You're telling me you saw one of them? And why would that make you desert your brothers?  Because when I told the Lord Commander, he already knew. Thousands of years ago, the First Men battled the White Walkers and defeated them. I want to fight for the side that fights for the living. Did I come to the right place?  We'll need to find you a new cloak. Children chatter and play in the water outside of King's Landing BRONN and a WHORE lie abed, enjoying themselves.  What if you took off that bit there?  Don't you want to leave something to the imagination?  Trouble is, I've never had much imagination. She rises.  I want you to take it off. BRONN moves to remove it, and she tsks, putting her finger to her lips.  Mouth. A door opens, and PODRICK enters.  Ser Bronn. Ser Bronn.  I didn't hear that.  Apologies, ser.  Back away. Keep backing away till you're outside this establishment. Then back away some more.  Lord Tyrion sent me.  I will murder you, boy.  He said it was a matter of life and death. Tyrion looks at his scar in the mirror. There is a knocking at the door.  Pod?  Cersei: It's your sister. The queen. Tyrion puts down the mirror and moves a stool to the door. He opens the door's window looks through the door to see Cersei and guards Meryn Trant and Taryn Mant.  What are they doing here?  Protecting me, I assume. Will you let me in?  No, I don't think so.  If I wanted to kill you, do you think I'd let a wooden door stop me? Tyrion considers.  They stay outside.  I'm not afraid of you, little brother. Tyrion grabs an axe, and opens the door cautiously. As soon as Cersei enters, he secures the door closed..  Why are you here?  I wanted to see your face. They said you'd lost your nose, but it's not as gruesome as all that.  The man who cut me lost more than his nose.  I should hope so. The rebels came for Joffrey's head, they lost their own. Thanks to Father.  Thanks to Father. Of course, it wasn't a rebel who tried to kill me.  No? Curious. Bit of a comedown from chamber of the Hand. But then I don't suppose you need much room. Tyrion pours himself some wine.  Grand Maester Pycelle made the same joke. You must be proud to be as funny as a man whose balls brush his knees.  You're meeting Father today?  How do you know that?  Because I have hundreds of spies in my employ. The Master of Whisperers owes me a favor or two. Father told me. What do you want from him?  What do I want from him? He's my father. Do I need to want something? I'm sure he loves me dearly, as any father loves his child, his baby boy. Yet he hasn't come to visit once since arriving in King's Landing. I lay here, my face split in half, but Father never came.  You're going to make me cry.  Why do you care what I want from him?  Because you've slandered me to Father before.  Slandered? When?  You told him I had my guards beat that servant girl at Casterly Rock.  You did have your guards beat her. A girl of nine, I believe.  I was nine, too.  She lost an eye, if I remember correctly.  If I remember correctly, she never stole a necklace again.  It's not slander if it's true.  And what's this truth you plan on telling him today?  Why are you so nervous about what I'm going to say to Father?  Because you're a liar. I expect you'll tell lies about me, about Joffrey.  Any lies in particular?  You're a clever man, but you're not half as clever as you think you are.  Still makes me more clever than you. Taryn Mant and Meryn Trant stand guard. A door opens and BRONN and PODROCK enter.  Oh, look at these two shining warriors. Ser Taryn Mant and... Ser Whosit of Whocares.  Ser Meryn Trant.  Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.  You're no knight.  Pod.  Ser Bronn of the Blackwater was anointed by the king himself.  You're an up-jumped cutthroat, nothing more.  That's exactly who I am. And you're a grub in fancy armor who's better at beating little girls than fighting men. Now, I have an appointment with Lord Tyrion. Bronn strides forward, and the two guard block him.  You put your hand on that door, you lose the hand. They begin to draw their weapons. At that moment, Tyrion's door opens, and Cersei exits Tyrion's chambers. She walks away with Meryn Trant and Taryn Mant. Bronn sheaths his dagger. Tyrion, Bronn and Podrick walk along the wall.  As much as I appreciate a walk in the sunshine, your lordship, I am wondering why you sent for me.  A number of people in this city want to kill me. You're here to protect me.  I've been doing that for a while now.  Do you grow bored protecting me?  I grow poor protecting you.  Poor? Poor? Under my patronage you've become a knight, you've served as Commander of the City Watch.  Briefly.  I'm sure you filled your pockets.  And now my pockets are empty. You've given me a taste for the finer things. And if you want me to carry on protecting you, you'll need to pay more.  I thought we were friends.  We are. But I'm a sellsword. I sell my sword. I don't loan it out to friends as a favor.  How much?  Double.  Double?  I'm a knight now. Knights are worth double.  I don't even know how much I'm paying you now.  Which means you can afford it. Davos lies on a rocky shore, bruised, battered, and dehydrated. He looks out to the sea and sees a boat in the distance. He climbs atop the rocks and starts waving. He removes his shirt in desperation and waves that as well.  Here. Here! Help me! Davos starts to lose hope. Then a horn blows from the distant boat. He is relieved. A ships' boat has made it to Davos. He greets them as they row to him  Who are you?  I was in the battle at Blackwater. I was a captain and a knight.  Aye, ser, and serving which king? Davos hesitates.  The one true king of Westeros ... Stannis Baratheon. The man smiles slightly and throws a rope to Davos. Davos and Salladhor sit in the captain's quarters. Davos sits and Salladhor stands above him.  I thought you were dead. Everyone thought you were dead. And your son?  (Nods)  He may have swam ashore as you did.  No, the wildfire took him. I saw it. Salladhor sits.  I'm so sorry, my friend. I, too, have lost a son. There is nothing worse in this world. But, Davos, you were a good father.  If I was a good father, he'd still be here. Stannis lives?  He licks his wounds at Dragonstone.  Will you take me there?  There is nothing for me at Dragonstone.  This war is not over.  Not for you, maybe. But for Salladhor Saan, the war is over.  We're both sworn to King Stannis.  I am sworn to no man. I promised you 30 ships and you promised me riches and glory. I delivered the ships.  Stannis never gives up. Never. Now he will regroup ...  He's a broken man. His fleet lies at the bottom of Blackwater Bay. They say he sees no one ... not his generals, not even his wife. Only the Red Woman whispering in his ear, telling him what she sees in the flames and burning men alive.  What?  They built a great fire when Stannis returned. All those who spoke against her she called servants of darkness. They say she sang to them as they burned. Salladhor stands and pours himself some wine, then sits again  I'm a pirate.  You're a smuggler.  Servants of darkness. I'm thinking Dragonstone is a good place for us to avoid.  Take me back there, please.  You cannot turn Stannis against her.  Maybe not, but I could carve her heart out.  You could try. If you fail, they will burn you. If you succeed, they'll burn you. And you've only just come back to life. Stay alive a little longer, my friend.  You call me friend. You drank with me on my wedding day.  And you drank with me on four of my wedding days, but I don't ask you for favors.  I have to stop her. Please, do this for me.  When you are dead, I will gather your bones in a little sack and let your widow wear them around her neck. Horses trot as Robb's army is on the move.  We should set the siege lines 1,000 yards from Harrenhal.  There won't be a siege. The Mountain can't defend a ruin.  I imagine the Mountain will defend whatever Tywin Lannister tells him to defend.  The Lannisters have been running from us since Oxcross. I'd love a fight. The men would love a fight. I don't think we're going to get one. Robb's army advances Robb's forces have arrived at Harrenhall. ROBB surveys a courtyard that littered with bodies. Flies buzz noisily among the corpses. RICKARD KARSTARK and ROOSE BOLTON enter.  200 Northmen slaughtered like sheep.  The debt will be repaid, my friend. For them and for your sons.  Will it? They rot in the ground while their killer runs free.  The Kingslayer won't remain free for long. My best hunters are after him. Robb and Catelyn walk somberly through the courtyard.  Robb: A Mallister?  Ser Jeremy. My father's bannerman. RICKARD KARSTART and ROOSE BOLTON exit.  Find her a chamber that will serve as a cell. Talisa approaches.  Talisa: She's your mother.  She freed Jaime Lannister. The Lannisters robbed them of their sons and she robbed them of their justice. Qyburn coughs nearby, and Talisa moves to tend to him  ( coughing ) Water. Water.  This needs to be cleaned and closed.  What's your name, friend?  Qyburn.  You're lucky to be alive.  Lucky? The Hand's Chambers. Tywin works at his desk while Tyrion looks on.  ( sighs ) The badge looks good on you. Almost as good as it looked on me. Are you enjoying your new position?  Am I enjoying it?  I was very happy as Hand of the King.  ( chuckles ) Yes. I heard how happy you were. ( blows ) You brought a whore into my bed.  It wasn't your bed at the time. Tywin seals the letter he has finished.  I sent you here to advise the king. I gave you real power and authority. You chose to spend your days as you always have, bedding harlots and drinking with thieves.  Occasionally I drank with the harlots.  What do you want, Tyrion?  Why does everyone assume I want something? Can't I simply visit with my beloved father? My beloved father who somehow forgot to visit his wounded son after he fell on the battlefield. Tywin stands and takes a goblet of wine.  Maester Pycelle assured me your wounds were not fatal.  I organized the defense of this city while you held court in the ruins of Harrenhal. I led the foray when the enemies were at the gate while your grandson, the king, quivered in fear behind the walls. I bled in the mud for our family. And as my reward, I was trundled off to some dark little cell. But what do I want? A little bloody gratitude would be a start.  Jugglers and singers require applause. You are a Lannister. Do you think I demanded a garland of roses every time I suffered a wound on a battlefield? Hmm? Now, I have seven kingdoms to look after and three of them are in open rebellion. So tell me what you want. Tywin sits.  I want what is mine by right. Jaime is your eldest son, heir to your lands and titles. But he is a Kingsguard, forbidden from marriage or inheritance. The day Jaime put on the white cloak, he gave up his claim to Casterly Rock. I am your son and lawful heir.  You want Casterly Rock?  It is mine by right.  ( sighs ) We'll find you accommodations more suited to your name and as a reward for your accomplishments during the battle of Blackwater Bay. And when the time is right, you will be given a position fit for your talents so that you can serve your family and protect our legacy. And if you serve faithfully, you will be rewarded with a suitable wife. And I would let myself be consumed by maggots before mocking the family name and making you heir to Casterly Rock.  Why?  Why? You ask that? You, who killed your mother to come into the world? You are an ill-made, spiteful little creature full of envy, lust, and low cunning. Men's laws give you the right to bear my name and display my colors since I cannot prove that you are not mine. And to teach me humility, the gods have condemned me to watch you waddle about wearing that proud lion that was my father's sigil and his father's before him. But neither gods nor men will ever compel me to let you turn Casterly Rock into your whorehouse. Go, now. Speak no more of your rights to Casterly Rock. Go. Tyrion gets up, dejected, and starts to leave.  Oh, one more thing. The next whore I catch in your bed I'll hang. Tyrion exits briskly in anger. Sansa and Shea sit on a dock.  Dorne. It's going to Dorne.  Why Dorne?  It's carrying silk and it's supposed to bring back wine in exchange. But it's not coming back. The captain's tired of risking his life so King's Landing lords and ladies can get drunk on better wine than they deserve. He's going to stay in Dorne. Wait out the winter where it's beautiful and warm.  I met some people in Dorne who weren't so beautiful and warm.  Don't ruin the game.  I told you, I don't want to play.  (pointing to another ship) What about that one there?  That one? It's going to Volantis.  Why?  Because when I got on a ship in Volantis, it looked like that one.  That's not how the game works. You're not supposed to just blurt out the right answer. You've got to invent a story about where the ship is going and why.  Why should I make up a story when I know the truth? Littlefinger and Ros walk onto the dock.  Because the truth is always either terrible or boring. Littlefinger approaches.  Lovely day for it. Watching the ships.  Lord Baelish.  Might I speak with Lady Sansa alone for a moment? Shae looks to Sansa, then stands and walks back to Ros.  I saw your mother not long ago. She's very eager to see you. And your sister.  Arya's alive? You said you'd take me home.  You said King's Landing was your home. You are the property of the crown. Stealing you would be treason. If you were to tell just one person ...  I won't tell anyone.  How do I know?  Because I'm a terrible liar. You said so yourself. Please, Lord Baelish. Tell me what to do. Tell me when.  I'm waiting for word on an assignment that will take me far away from the capital. When I set sail, I might be able to take you with me. But you'll need to be ready to leave on a moment's notice. Further back on the dock, Ros approaches Shae  You're her handmaiden?  Yes. And you're his...?  I help manage his affairs.  He's an important person.  So is she. I grew up in the shadow of her father's castle. The day she was born, they rang the bells from sunrise till sunset. We've both done rather well, you and I.  Yes.  Given where we started.  And where is that?  It's not easy for girls like us to dig our way out. Watch out for her. Littlefinger leaves Shae and walks towards them.  I always do.  Watch out for her with him. Dragons screech as they fly next to a boat at sea. On the deck are DAENERYS and JORAH watch them. Drogon dives and catches a fish. He cooks it with his fire breath and swallows it. He lands next to DAENERYS for affection.  They're growing fast.  Not fast enough. I can't wait that long. I need an army Drogon screeches again and takes flight.  We'll be in Astapor by nightfall. Some say the Unsullied are the greatest soldiers in the world.  The greatest slave-soldiers in the world. The distinction means a good deal to some people.  Do those people have any better ideas about how to put you on the Iron Throne?  It's too beautiful a day to argue. A Dothraki man vomits on the deck below  You're right. Another lovely day on the high seas.  Don't mock them. They're the first Dothraki who have ever been on a ship. They followed me across the poison water. If they'll do it, others will. And with a true khalasar ...  The Dothraki follow strength above all, khaleesi. You'll have a true khalasar when you prove yourself strong. And not before. The ship's boat has dropped Davos off below Dragonstone, and started back to sea. Davos begins to walk to the castle. Stannis sits, looking out to the sea, with Melissandre standing beside him. Davos enters.  Your Grace.  I heard you were dead.  Not yet.  I had hoped to speak to you alone, Your Grace.  We are alone. Davos approaches to address Stannis.  Your Grace, you are the rightful king. Not only by blood. You're an honorable man, a just man. And there is still a war to fight.  I am fighting.  By burning prisoners alive?  How would you punish the infidels, Ser Davos?  I do not judge people for the gods they worship. If I did, I'd have thrown you in the sea before you ever set foot on Dragonstone.  I'm not your enemy.  You are my enemy.  Was it me you fought on Blackwater Bay? Did I set your ships ablaze? I wasn't there when the wildfire killed our men by the thousands. I could have saved those men. You would have taken the city, Stannis would now sit upon his rightful throne, and you would stand beside him. But I wasn't there because you convinced your king to leave me behind. Do you hear them screaming? All those burning men in the water crying for their mothers, for their gods for help? Until the moment the Blackwater swallowed them. Melissandre touches Davos's cheek, and he recoils.  ( gasps )  Don't despair, Ser Davos. What I told your son is true. She whispers in his ear  Death by fire is the purest death. Enraged, Davos draws his dagger and raises it to stab her. The guard hold him back.  ( growls ) This woman is evil! She's the mother of demons.  Take him to the dungeon and lock him in a cell. The guards pull him backwards out of the room  Your Grace!  Come on.  You've chosen the darkness, Ser Davos.  She will destroy us all!  I will pray for you.  Your Grace! The guards remove him from the chamber. Joffrey and Margaery are being transported through King's Landing in their royal palanquin, borne by the Kings guard.  Guard: Halt. Down.  Guard #2: Halt. Down. The palaquin are set down, and Joffrey is confused and irritated.  Why have we stopped?  It's Lady Margaery, Your Grace. Joffrey looks out of his palquin, and sees Margaery stepping into the streets.  Joffrey: What is she doing? Who gave her permission? Margaery walks with purpose, and her maid tries to keep up.  My lady. We should have guards, my lady.  Why? Margaery is blocked by a disfigured commoner, who looks at her with disdain. She smiles at him.  Pardon me. A woman empties a bucket of feces just in front of Margaery's path. She continues, optimistic and undeterred.  Stop, my lady. You'll ruin your dress.  I have others. She steps across the puddle of filth and her handmaid follows.  Would you like to speak with her, Your Grace?  No.  He was a soldier. He went to fight on the walls when the ships came into Blackwater Bay. He never came back.  And your mother?  She died when she had me.  Bad men wanted to come into this city and do terrible things, but your father stopped them. Margaery hands him a toy knight carved from wood.  Whenever you look at this knight, I want you to remember your father.  He wasn't a knight. He was just a soldier.  And what do knights swear to do? Protect the weak and uphold the good. Your father did that. Be proud of him. She turns to Child #2.  Was your father a soldier, too? Child #2 nods  You should be proud, too. Under King Joffrey's leadership, your fathers saved the city. They saved us all. From now on, we're going to take care of you. All of you. Women hand out food to the children.  The streets, a little later. Margaery holds hands with two children as she walks. Children laugh and play. She speaks to their caretaker.  Come to me for whatever you need to feed them, clothe them, or house them. Directly to me. The doors open. Joffrey and Cersei join Margaery and Loras for dinner.  Your Grace.  Your Grace. They bow.  Please, sit. Sit. I do apologize, my lady. Small council meetings. At what point does it become treason to waste the king's time?  ( laughs )  That's a lovely gown, my lady.  Yes, it suits you perfectly. I imagine you might be rather cold.  The climate is a bit more forgiving back in Highgarden, Your Grace.  Shall I have them bring you a shawl, my lady?  I am touched by your concern, Your Grace. Luckily for us Tyrells, our blood runs quite warm. Doesn't it, Loras?  Yes.  Loras, isn't the queen's gown magnificent? The fabric, the embroidery, the metalwork. I've never seen anything like it. They all sit at the table, and servants begin to pour the wine.  You might find a bit of armor quite useful once you become queen. Perhaps before. Joffrey tells me you stopped your carriage at Flea Bottom on your way back from the sept this morning.  Yes. I paid a visit to an orphanage the High Septon told me about.  Margaery does a great deal of work with the poor back in Highgarden.  The lowest among us are no different from the highest if you give them a chance and approach them with an open heart.  Cersei: An open heart is what you'll get in Flea Bottom if you're not careful, my dear. Not long ago, we were attacked by a mob there. We had a full complement of guards that didn't stop them. The king barely escaped with his life.  My mother's always had a penchant for drama. Facts become less and less important to her as she grows older. Our lives were never truly in danger.  You're right, of course. But you are your father's son. We can't all have a king's bravery. There is an awkward pause as the main course is brought to the table.  Hunger turns men into beasts. I'm glad House Tyrell has been able to help in this regard. They tell me 100 wagons arrive daily now from the Reach. Wheat, barley, apples. We've had a blessed harvest. And, of course, it's our duty to assist the capital in time of need.  Well, as Ser Loras said, Lady Margaery has done this sort of... charitable work before. I'm sure she knows what she's doing.  I'm sure she does. DAENERYS stands on deck, watching their approach to the city. Kraznys mo Nakloz leads Daenerys, Jorah and Missandei. Missandei translates for Kraznys.  ( speaking Valyrian )  The Unsullied have stood here for a day and a night with no food or water. They approach the gate.  ( speaking Valyrian )  They will stand until they drop.  ( speaking Valyrian )  Such is their obedience. The foursome walks though a battalion of Unsullied warriors, standing at attention, who have made an aisle for them to pass through.  They may suit my needs. Tell me of their training.  (speaking Valeryan) The Westrosi woman is pleased with them, but speaks no praise to keep the price down. She wished to know how they are trained.  ( speaking Valyrian ) Tell her what she would know and be quick about it. Once they are through, the Unsullied reform at attention. The four ascend a platform at the end of the yeard, the sea behind them, to survey the soldiers.  They begin their training at five. Every day they drill from dawn to dusk until they have mastered the shortsword, the shield, and the three spears. Only one boy in four survives this rigorous training.  ( speaking Valyrian )  Their discipline and loyalty are absolute. They fear nothing.  Even the bravest men fear death.  ( speaking Valyrian )  ( speaking Valyrian )  ( speaking Valyrian ) The knight says even brave men fear death.  ( speaking Valyrian ) Tell the old man he smells of piss.  ( speaking Valyrian ) Truly, master?  ( speaking Valyrian ) No, not truly. Are you a girl or a goat to ask such a thing? (Continues in Valyrian)  Missandei: My master says the Unsullied are not men. Death means nothing to them.  ( speaking Valyrian ) Tell this ignorant whore of a Westerner to open her eyes and watch. KRAZNYS steps forward and descents to the yard.  He begs you attend to this carefully, Your Grace.  ( speaking Valyrian ) Kraznys calles an Unsullied forward. He pushes the man's shield and spear aside. He takes the Unsullied's knife and cuts away part of his leather chest armor  Tell the good master there is no need. KRAZNYS grabs hold of the man's exposed nipple.  ( speaking Valyrian ) She's worried about their nipples? Doers the dumb bitch know we've cut off their balls? KRAZNYS slices off the man's nipple, throwing it to the ground. The solder does not flinch.  My master points out that men don't need nipples. KRAZNYS replaces the armor strap, and returns the soldier's arms to the ready.  ( speaking Valyrian ) Here, I'm done with you.  ( speaking Valyrian ) This one is pleased to have served you. KRAZNYS turns around to face DAENERYS. The Unsullied soldier steps back into formation.  ( speaking Valyrian )  To win his shield, an Unsullied must go to the slave marts with a silver mark, find a newborn and kill it before its mother's eyes. This way, my master says, we make certain there is no weakness left in them.  You take a babe from its mother's arms, kill it as she watches, and pay for her pain with a silver coin?  ( speaking Valyrian ) She is offended. She asks if you pay a sliver coin to the mother for her dead baby.  ( speaking Valyrian ) What a soft mewling fool this one is. ( continues in Valyrian )  My master would like you to know that the silver is paid to the baby's owner, not the mother.  How many do you have to sell?  ( Missandei speaking Valyrian ) KRAZNYS holds up eight fingers.  8000  ( speaking Valyrian ) Tell the Westerosi whore she has until tomorrow.  Master Kraznys asks that you please hurry. Many other buyers are interested. KRAZNYS sheaths the knife. The Unsullied make way for KRAZNYS and MISSANDEI as the exit, then return to formation. Daenerys and Jorah walk along the shore.  8,000 dead babies.  The Unsullied are a means to an end.  Once I own them, these men ...  They're not men. Not anymore.  Once I own an army of slaves, what will I be?  Do you think these slaves will have better lives serving Kraznys and men like him or serving you? They come upon a busy yard where people work and some children play. One CHILD in particular looks at them as she tosses a wooded ball to herself. JORAH and DAENERYS continue into the yard.  You'll be fair to them. You won't mutilate them to make a point. The child remains just ahead of them. Meanwhile, a dark hooded figure follows behind.  You won't order them to murder babies. You'll see they're properly fed and sheltered. A great injustice has been done to them. Closing your eyes will not undo it. The Child rolls her wooden ball to DAENERYS, who picks it up. The CHILD motions for her to open it. Behind her, the hooded figure draws a knife. He knocks the ball out of her hand before she can twist it open. JORAH grabs the man and wrestles him to the ground, revealing BARRISTAN SELMY. DAENERYS has been knocked to the ground, and the ball sits inches from her face. It opens, and a chittering, shiny scorpion crawls out and unfolds itself into display. It launches itself at DAENERYS, but is skewered by BARRISTAN's knife before it reaches her. He studies the pierced arachnid  ( hisses ) BARRISTAN flicks the scorpion off his knife. The CHILD, whose mouth is now a corrupt shade of green, flees and jumps off the dock to the water. But when BARRISTAN reaches the edge, the CHILD is nowhere to be seen. He sheaths his knife, confused. DAENERYS and JORAH spot the CHILD on the overlook above them before she walks away.  (to Jorah) The warlocks. She walks towards BARRISTAN.  I owe you my life, ser.  The honor is mine, my queen. He lowers his hood  You know this man?  (Nods.) I know him as one of the greatest fighters the Seven Kingdoms has ever seen and as the Lord Commander of Robert Baratheon's Kingsguard. Barristan approaches.  King Robert is dead. I have been searching for you, Daenerys Stormborn, to ask your forgiveness. I was sworn to protect your family. I failed them. BARRISTAN kneels before her. I am Barristan Selmy, Kingsguard to your father. Allow me to join your Queensguard and I will not fail you again. BARRISTAN lowers his head in deference. DAENERYS considers his offer. THOROS looks into the fire.  Lord, cast your light upon us.  Lord of Light, defend us. ANGUY unbinds the HOUND  Show us the truth. Strike this man down if he is guilty. Give strength to his sword if he is true. Lord of Light, give us wisdom. For the night is dark and full of terrors.  For the night is dark and full of terrors. The HOUND readies his sword and loosens for battle. BERIC kneels before THOROS. BERIC offers his left hand, and THOROS slices open a long gash in his palm. He then places the sword in BERIC's right hand. BERIC slides the blade across the open wound and the weapon erupts in flame. The HOUND is taken aback. Both men take up shields and they set to battle. BERIC gets first advantage, with the flames putting fear in the eyes of the HOUND. The HOUND finds his rhythm and the battle becomes more even. BERIC dodges a blow and shoulders the HOUND to stumble into a fire, sparks erupting. The HOUND is enraged, and makes a poorly chosen charge. He ends up on his knees.  Get back. THOROS pushes ARYA away as the fight comes close to them. The HOUND regains his footing and begins a brutal onslaught, shattering BERIC's shield. BERIC stumbles and regroups, pushing the HOUND back with a series of two-handed swings. The HOUND falls onto his back, and BERIC's blow set his shield aflame. The HOUND launches a wild counter attack while the crowd becomes more excited, and begins to chant.  Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. The HOUND tries to douse his shield, but it continues to burn.  Kill him! After parrying blows, the HOUND elbows BERIC in the gut. He stumbles backwards.  (shouts) The HOUND unleashes an overhead swing with all his might. BERIC blocks with his flaming sword, but the HOUND's powerful blow breaks the blade and cleaves deeply into BERIC's shoulder and torso. BERIC's eyes roll, and he falls to the ground, dead. ARYA is distraught and THOROS launches himself onto BERIC.  Lord, cast your light upon this man, your servant. Bring him back from death and darkness. His flame has been extinguished. Restore it.  (shouts) The HOUND falls to the ground and smashes his shield to the ground, trying to choke the flames.  For the night is dark and full of terrors. Lord, cast-- ARYA spins backwards and takes a man's knife.  Arya, don't!  Bring him back from death and darkness ARYA runs towards the HOUND, but GENDRY intercepts her and tackles her off of her feet.  No! ARYA: Let go of me! Let me go! From the ground, the HOUND taunts her.  Looks like their god likes me more than your butcher's boy.  Burn in hell!  He will. But not today. BERIC kneels by the fire, resuscitated, bitter and humbled. JON and YGRITTE bring firewood. TORMUND sits as ORELL greets them with disdain.  Orell says there are crows patrolling on the Wall. Tell me what you know.  There are four to a patrol-- two builders to check for structural damage, two rangers to watch for enemies.  How often do these patrols go out?  It varies. If I knew where on the Wall we were heading, I could tell you.  You'd like to know that.  (sighs) There are 19 castles guarding the Wall. How many are manned?  Three.  You sure of that?  (nods)  Which three?  Castle Black.  Aye, Castle Black. Everyone knows Castle Black. Which others?  Eastwatch-by-the-Sea and the Shadow Tower.  How many men remain in Castle Black?  1,000  Liar. Jon drops his bundle and steps towards Orell.  What happens to your eagle after I kill you? Does he drift away like a kite with his strings cut or does he just flop dead to the ground?  He's no crow.  Just 'cause you want him inside you don't make him one of us. YGRITTE draws her dagger.  I'm not afraid of you. Tormund stands throws Orell to the ground. He faces Jon.  I like you, boy. But if you lie to me, I'll pull your guts out through your throat.  1000 men Orell stands up.  We'll find out soon enough. TORMUND walks away. JON and YGRITTE walk, quick and agitated, through the camp.  I don't need you to protect me.  Of course you do. Who stopped Rattleshirt when he was about to cut your throat? Who vouched for you with Mance? It seems you owe me a debt. YGRITTE takes JON's sword and starts to run. JON gives chase.  Give it back. She stops by the fire and picks up a torch.  Well, I stole it. It's mine. If you want it, come steal it back. She turns and runs. JON runs after her. YGRITTE does not heed his cries.  Ygritte! Ygritte! YGRITTE reaches a cave. She looks back and smiles before entering.  Ygritte! Seven hells. Ygritte! JON chases YGRITTE into the cave. YGRITTE leans his sword against a rock by a large pool. Water falls in a sheet from above. She puts down the torch, then removes her bow.  Is Orell right? Are you still a crow? It's time you proved yourself. She takes off her shoes.  Ygritte.  You swore some vows. I want you to break 'em. I want you to see me. She removes her furs, and then her tunic and pants, revealing herself, nude.  All of me. JON is dumbfounded. She walks to him, intensely.  We shouldn't.  We should. YGRITTE tries to kiss JON. He resists her at first, but he cannot fight his feelings. They embrace and passionately kiss. He kisses her neck, her breasts and continues downward.  Why are you still dressed? You know nothing, Jon Sno-- YGRITTE moans. JON lies restfully. YGRITTE sits up behind him.  That thing you did with your mouth-- is that what lords do to their ladies in the South? They embrace and caress..  I don't know. I just wanted to kiss you there is all.  Hmm.  You seemed to like it.  Aye, I liked it some. Who taught you that?  There's been no one else. Only you.  A maid. You were a maid.  I was a man of the Night's Watch. How about you? Were you a maid?  What do you think?  Who was he?  Just a boy. He came trading with his brothers. He had red hair like me. Kissed by fire. But he was weak. Not like you. That was the first one. Then there was this Thenn boy. Spoke no Common, but gods, he was built like a mammoth.  Yeah, thanks. I think I've heard enough. We'd best get back. Tormund-- YGRITTE sits astride JON.  I'm not done with you yet. THEY kiss.  How long's it been since you had a bath? YGRITTE hops up and jumps into the pool beside the cascading water. Jon joins her, and they kiss again.  Let's not go back. Let's stay here a while longer. I don't ever want to leave this cave, Jon Snow. Not ever. They kiss again.  I want my gold.  It says it clearly right there on that note you'll be repaid in full when the war is over.  Piss on that! You're nothing but thieves. The HOUND throws down the note.  We're outlaws. Outlaws steal. You're lucky we didn't kill you.  Come try it, archer. I'll shove those arrows up your ass. The HOUND walks towards ANGUY but THOROS holds him back.  You can't let him go. He's a murderer. He's guilty.  Not in the eyes of god.  You can't!  Enough! The judgment isn't ours to make. ANGUY tossed the HOUND his swords.  Go in peace, Sandor Clegane. The Lord of Light isn't done with you yet. A MAN places a hood over the HOUND's head and leads him out.  Riders coming through! The gates open to a courtyard and LOCKE's men ride in. BRIENNE looks at JAIME, who sits withered astride his mount.  The Kingslayer. One of LOCKE's men forces BRIENNE and JAIME to kneel in the courtyard.  Down!  On your knees. Lord Bolton, I give you the Kingslayer. LOCKE pushes JAIME down with his foot. JAIME falls on his face, without resistance. JAIME groans.  Pick him up, Locke. Locke picks up Jaime with the help of one of his men.  You've lost a hand.  No, my lord, he has it here. LOCKE taunts JAIME with the dismembered hand tied around his neck. ROOSE pulls the hand from around JAIME's neck and hands it to LOCKE.  Take this away.  Send it to his father? Roose BOLTON: You'll hold your tongue unless you want to lose it. Roose BOLTON: Cut her free. Apologies, my lady. You're under my protection now. BRIENNE is cut free.  Thank you, my lord. Roose BOLTON: Find suitable rooms for our guests. We'll speak later. ROOSE starts to walk away.  Lord Bolton. ROOSE turns around.  Is there word from the capital? Roose BOLTON: You haven't heard? Stannis Baratheon laid siege to King's Landing. Sailed into Blackwater Bay. Stormed the gates with thousands of men. And your sister How can I put this? Your sister is alive and well. Your father's forces prevailed. JAIME falls to his knees in relief.  Ser Jaime isn't well. Take him to Qyburn. His men pick JAIME up, and lead him and BRIENNE away. INT; Harrenhal, Qyburn's workspace. QYBURN tends to JAIME's, and he winces and groans. His severed wrist is wet and disgusting.  Will I die?  No. The corruption has spread. I fear it must be cut away. The safest course would be to take the whole arm off.  Then you'll die. You're no maester. Where's your chain?  The Citadel stripped me of it. They found some of my experiments too bold. I can leave your upper arm, make the cut at your elbow. JAIME chokes QYBURN to make his point, then relents.  I don't need my right hand to kill you.  I can take away the rotting flesh and try and burn out the corruption - with boiling wine.  Mmm.  With any luck, that will suffice. You'll need milk of the poppy.  No milk of the poppy.  There will be pain.  I'll scream.  Quite a bit of pain.  I'll scream loudly. QYBURN straps and buckles JAIME's arm to staunch the bleeding. JAIME suffers and screams as QYBURN snips away the corruption. LITTLEFINGER walks into a courtyard, where CERSEI awaits.  Lord Baelish.  Your Grace.  I wonder if I might ask you for a favor. She walks with him.  Of course, Your Grace.  I have reason to believe that House Tyrell do not hold the crown's best interests at heart.  I see. And have you shared these suspicions with Lord Tywin?  My father's a practical man. He appreciates facts.  Myself, I often find them a hindrance.  And he appreciates those who aid his family, as you well know. He's almost as generous to those who help us as he is unpleasant towards those who don't. You have a good working relationship with the Tyrells. I thought you might look into it before you leave the capital.  I shall do my best.  Thank you. And your best will prove better than when I asked you to locate Arya Stark?  I assure you that it will. CERSEI exits. Podrick pours wine for Tyrion and Olenna.  Gods, boy, that's enough. We're not in a tavern.  Pardon, my lady.  No need to speak. Are there any figs? Fetch some. I always take figs midafternoon. They help move the bowels. To what do I owe this summons? PODRICK extis.  Thank you for seeing me, my lady. I had hoped we might discuss a few financial matters.  I climbed all those steps to discuss financial matters?  It's the royal wedding. I'm told you had a hand in planning it.  Naturally.  It's shaping up to be a very involved affair. The word extravagant has been used.  What good is the word extravagant if it can't be used to describe a royal wedding?  I understand that.  Good.  But, as Master of Coin, it falls upon me to calculate the cost for the crown. As of now, it's a huge expense.  And?  And we're at war, Lady Olenna.  Oh, I'd nearly forgotten.  Yes, and maintaining supply lines--  I can't think how it slipped my mind. What is it, 12,000 infantrymen the Tyrell family has supplied? 2,000 in support. Provisions so this city might survive the winter. A million bushels of wheat. Half a million bushels each of barley, oats, and rye. 20,000 head of cattle. 50,000 sheep. You don't have to lecture me about wartime expenses. I'm quite familiar with them.  And we are so grateful for your contributions which are necessary for the preservation of the realm.  As is a royal wedding. The people are hungry for more than just food. They crave distractions. And if we don't provide them, they'll create their own. And their distractions are likely to end with us being torn to pieces. A royal wedding is much safer. Wouldn't you say?  I would.  And traditionally paid for by the royal family.  (nods) The door opens and PODRICK returns with figs.  I was told you were drunk, impertinent, and thoroughly debauched. You can imagine my disappointment at finding nothing but a browbeaten bookkeeper. Where did you go for them, Volantis?  My lady--  Oh, very well. I won't have it said that House Tyrell refuses to play its part. We'll pay for half the expenses and the celebrations will go on as planned. Is that sufficient?  Quite sufficient. Thank you.  Very good, then. That's settled. Good day. TYRION and OLENNA stand, and she exits.  Give me that. TYRION takes a fig from PODRICK's tray. GENDRY works on BERIC's armor.  What are you doing?  Just mending Lord Beric's armor.  Why?  I'm going to stay on and smith for the Brotherhood.  Have you lost your mind? When the Lannisters find this place, you think they'll spare the smiths? They'll cave your head in with your own helmet.  The Lannisters wanted to kill me long before I joined the Brotherhood.  You don't have to do this.  I want to. They need good men.  Robb needs good men, too. We're leaving tomorrow. And then you--  What? Serve him? I've served men my entire life. I served Master Mott at King's Landing and he sold me to the Watch. I served Lord Tywin at Harrenhal, wondering every day if I'd get tortured or killed. I'm done serving.  You just said you were serving Lord Beric.  He may be their leader, but they chose him. These men are brothers. They're a family. I've never had a family.  I can be your family.  You wouldn't be my family. You'd be 'my lady. ARYA exits. WILLEM and MARTY lie sleeping. There are sounds of a battle outside their cell. MARTYN shakes WILLEM to wake him  'Willem. Willem! The door bursts open, and RICKARD KARSTACK runs the guard through with his sword. He and his men enter.  Is this a rescue? Rickard KARSTARK: Lannister filth! Take him! KARSTARK's men take WILLEM. MARTYN Please, I didn't do anything. I'm just a squire. Please-- RICKARD KARSTARK stabs MARTYN in the gut WILLEM and MARTYN lie dead on a blanket. TALISA kneels beside them and ROBB stands beside her. BRYDEN stands opposite, while CATELYN sits behind them.  Bring them in. Brynden opens the door. RICKARD KARSTARK and his men walk in, hands bound.  Is that all of them? It took five of you to murder two unarmed squires?  Not murder, Your Grace. Vengeance.  Vengeance? Those boys didn't kill your sons. I saw Harrion die on the battlefield and Torrhen--  Was strangled by the Kingslayer. They were his kin.  They were boys! Look at them.  Tell your mother to look at them. She killed them as much as I.  My mother had nothing to do with this. This was your treason.  It's treason to free your enemies. In war, you kill your enemies. Did your father not teach you that, boy? Brynden punches Rickard Karstark  Leave him.  Aye. Leave me to the king. He wants to give me a scolding before he sets me free. That's how he deals with treason. Our King in the North. Or should I call him the King Who Lost the North?  Escort Lord Karstark to the dungeon. Hang the rest.  Mercy, sire! I didn't kill anyone. I only watched for the guards.  This one was only the watcher. Hang him last so he can watch the others die.  Please! Please, no. They made me do it! They made me! They made me! BRYNDEN takes out RICKARD KARSTARK and men. ROBB sits at his table. TALISA and EDMURE approach.  Word of this can't leave Riverrun. They were Tywin Lannister's nephews. The Lannisters pay their debts. They never stop talking about it.  Would you make me a liar as well as a murderer?  It wouldn't be lying. We will bury them and remain silent until the war is done.  I'm not fighting for justice if I don't serve justice to murderers in my ranks, no matter how highborn. He has to die. CATELYIN stands and approaches.  The Karstarks are Northmen. They won't forgive the killing of their lord.  Your mother's right. If you do this, the Karstarks will abandon you.  You tended to their wounds. You brought them supper. Now they're dead.  And more boys will keep dying until this war is over. You need Karstark men to end it.  Spare his life. Keep him as a hostage.  A hostage. Tell the Karstarks that as long as they remain loyal, he will not be harmed. ROBB coniders. Men bring out the bound RICKARD KARSTARK. ROBB appraoches.  The blood of the First Men flows through my veins as much as yours, boy. I fought the Mad King for your father. I fought Joffrey for you. We are kin-- Stark and Karstark.  That didn't stop you from betraying me. And it won't save you now.  I don't want it to save me. I want it to haunt you to the end of your days.  Kneel, my lord. RICKARD KARSTARK willingly leans over the table, before ROBB, who holds a great sword,  Rickard Karstark, Lord of Karhold, here in sight of gods and men, I sentence you to die. Would you speak a final word?  Kill me and be cursed. You are no king of mine. ROBBB beheads RICKARD KARSTARK with a single great blow. He walks away, conflicted and frustrated. ARYA stands by the fire. THOROS lies nearby.  Joffrey. Cersei. Ilyn Payne. Ser Meryn. The Hound. What are you going to do with me?  At first light we'll ride for Riverrun. Your brother's there now. He'll make a contribution to our cause and you can go home.  I'm a hostage and you're selling me.  Don't think of it that way.  But it is that way.  It is. And it isn't.  More is than isn't.  Beric admired your father a great deal, you know. He wanted to refuse your ransom altogether.  So why don't you?  We need the gold. BERIC enters and sits. ARYA looks uncomfortable.  Do I frighten you, child?  No.  You're angry with me. And I don't blame you. But letting him go was the right thing. I have more reason than most to want him hanged.  I thought he killed you.  He did.  But how?  Thoros how many times have you brought me BACK?THOROS: It's the Lord of Light brings you back. I'm just the lucky drunk who says the words.  How many times?  Five, I think. No, this makes six.  Six.  There was the first time-- the Mountain. Show her. Lance right through the chest. BERIC shows ARYA the scar on his chest.  Then I was stabbed in the belly.  Then it was an arrow in the back. And that axe in the side.  Then the Lannisters caught me and executed me for treason. Was it a hanging or a dagger in the eye?  Both. Fuckers couldn't decide. BERIC shows ARYA his right eye, sewn shut behind his eye patch.  And the Hound makes six.  Second time I've been killed by a Clegane.  You'd think you'd learn. It's not getting any easier, you know.  I know. Every time I come back, I'm a bit less. Pieces of you get chipped away.  Could you bring back a man without a head? Not six times. Just once.  I don't think it works that way, child.  He was a good man, Ned Stark. He's at rest now, somewhere. I would never wish my life upon him.  I would. You're alive. SELYSE prays with palms open to a fire in a roughly hewn room.  Lord, cast your light upon me. Protect me in the darkness. Burn away my sins. Help me serve you. Use me as you will. For the night is dark and full of terrors. The door opens and STANNIS enters. He stands at the threshold, silently. t  I have prayed day and night for you to come to me.  My lady. SELYSE nods in greeting.  I meant to come sooner. The battle--  I know of your troubles, My king. The Lady Melisandre has told me everything.  Yes, of course.  You mustn't despair. Your claim is true. You will be victorious.  I believed that once.  You are the one god's champion and the finest man I've ever known.  Selyse. I've broken a sacred vow. I've sinned.  No.  I've wronged you. I have shamed you.  You're doing god's work.  You don't understand. The Red Woman-- the Lady Melisandre--  I know, Stannis. The Lady Melisandre has told me everything. No act done in service of the Lord of Light can ever be a sin. When she told me, I wept with joy. SELYSE walks past STANNIS toward three specimen jars. Each contains a stillborn baby in a cloudy, green liquid.  Oh, my sweet boys. Petyr, Tommard, Edric. I thank god every day for bringing Melisandre to us. She gave you a son. I gave you - nothing.  That's not true.  So you've come to see her as well? There is no need. You must keep away from such distractions.  She's my daughter. I want to see her.  You are a king. You don't need my permission. Stannis exits. STANNIS walks up to another closed door. SHIREEN sings behind it.  (sings) Under the sea I know, I know/ Oh, oh, oh SHIREEN lies below a shuttered window. Sounds of seabird and crashing surf waft through the room.  (sings) The birds have scales / And the fish take wing / I know, I know / Oh, oh, oh  Shireen.  Father! SHIREEN rushes up and hugs STANNIS. He sighs and does not return his embrace. She looks up at him, showing the greyscale that has consumed the left side of her face.  You've grown since I last saw you. She pulls him to sit on the bed.  Mother said you fought in a battle. Did you win?  No.  Did the Onion Knight come back with you?  He did. He fought bravely.  He hasn't come to visit me. He said he'd bring me back a present from the capital.  He won't be visiting, child.  Why not? He's my friend. Look. SHIREEN gets up and opens a nearby drawer. She returns with a carved two-masted boat.  He made this for me. But don't tell Mother I have it. It's a secret. Mother doesn't like the Onion Knight.  Ser Davos is a traitor. He's rotting in a dungeon cell for his crime. Best forget him. SHIREEN looks down, cradling her ship. STANNIS rises and exits. BRIENE sits in a large bath pool in an ornate bathing room, scrubbing the layers of filth from her arms with a bristle brush.  Not so hard. You'll scrub the skin off. JAMIE has entered with a SQUIRE. BRIENNE is surprised.  What are you doing here?  I need a bath. Help me out of these rags. The SQUIRE helps JAIME undress. We see JAIME's stubbed wrist, wrapped cleanly and tightly.  Now get out. The SQUIRE exits. JAIME removes his trousers and BRIENNE looks away in modesty. JAIME moves to enter the tub with Brienne  There's another tub. BREINNE moves to the far corner of the tub, but JAIME walks to join her. He steps in  This one suits me fine. Don't worry. I'm not interested. If I faint, pull me out. I don't intend to be the first Lannister to die in a bathtub.  Why should I care how you die?  You swore a solemn vow, remember? You're supposed to get me to King's Landing in one piece. Not going so well, is it? No wonder Renly died with you guarding him. BRIENNE stands bold and naked, challenging JAIME to continue. He is shamed.  That was unworthy. Forgive me. You protected me better than most--  Don't you mock me.  I'm apologizing. I'm sick of fighting. Let's call a truce.  You need trust to have a truce.  I trust you. BRIENNE sits, appeased, but fuming.  There it is. There's the look. I've seen it for 17 years on face after face. You all despise me. Kingslayer. Oathbreaker. A man without honor. You've heard of wildfire?  Of course.  The Mad King was obsessed with it. He loved to watch people burn, the way their skin blackened and blistered and melted off their bones. He burned lords he didn't like. He burned Hands who disobeyed him. He burned anyone who was against him. Before long, half the country was against him. Aerys saw traitors everywhere. So he had his pyromancer place caches of wildfire all over the city-- beneath the Sept of Baelor and the slums of Flea Bottom. Under houses, stables, taverns. Even beneath the Red Keep itself. Finally, the day of reckoning came. Robert Baratheon marched on the capital after his victory at the Trident. But my father arrived first with the whole Lannister army at his back, promising to defend the city against the rebels. I knew my father better than that. He's never been one to pick the losing side. I told the Mad King as much. I urged him to surrender peacefully. But the king didn't listen to me. He didn't listen to Varys who tried to warn him. But he did listen to Grand Maester Pycelle, that grey, sunken cunt. 'You can trust the Lannisters,' he said. 'The Lannisters have always been true friends of the crown.' So we opened the gates and my father sacked the city. Once again, I came to the king, begging him to surrender. He told me to bring him my father's head. Then he turned to his pyromancer. 'Burn them all,' he said. 'Burn them in their homes. Burn them in their beds.' Tell me, if your precious Renly commanded you to kill your own father and stand by while thousands of men, women, and children burned alive, would you have done it? Would you have kept your oath then? BRIENNE stares wide-eyed, and doesn't answer.  First, I killed the pyromancer. And then when the king turned to flee, I drove my sword into his back. 'Burn them all,' he kept saying. 'Burn them all.' I don't think he expected to die. He-- he meant to burn with the rest of us and rise again, reborn as a dragon to turn his enemies to ash. I slit his throat to make sure that didn't happen. That's where Ned Stark found me.  If this is true why didn't you tell anyone? Why didn't you tell Lord Stark? JAIME is exhausted after his speech. He breaths heavily  Stark? You think the honorable Ned Stark wanted to hear my side? He judged me guilty the moment he set eyes on me. By what right does the wolf judge the lion? By what right? JAIME tries to stand, but collapses into BRIENNE's arms.  Help! Help! The Kingslayer!  Jaime. My name is Jaime. SHIREEN whispers to a sleeping DAVOS through the iron bars of his cell.  Onion Knight. Ser Onion Knight.  Princess? Gods, what are you doing here?  Shh, you'll wake Bert.  Bert? DAVOS comes to the bars to talk.  He's the fat one. He's on guard duty tonight. He likes to drink wine and sleep a lot.  Go back to your room. You're not supposed to be here. If your father knew--  he said you Were a traitor. Are you?  I am, child. I disobeyed my king, your father, and now I'm paying the price.  I don't care. You're my friend. You must get bored down here. I brought you something to read. It's about Aegon and his dragons. Aegon used to live here. Did you know that? And the Targaryens built this castle.  Aye. So they did.  You can hide the book under your cloak. It's a good one. I'll bring you more.  Thank you, my lady. I'm sure it's a fine book, but it's wasted on me.  Take it. I have more.  My lady, I can't read the words.  You can't?  (shakes his head no)  I'll teach you. I'll come when Bert's on duty and teach you.  No. No. No.  It's easy. It'll be fun.  Go. We can't.  Why not? What will they do, lock us in cells?  (laughs) I wouldn't know where to start.  At the beginning. This word is Aegon. When you see A, E, and G together like that, it sounds like egg. And the title of the whole book is 'An History of Aegon the Conqueror and His Conquest of Westeros.' Unsullied and Dothraki march across the landscape. DAENERYS rides up on a white horse. JORAH and BARRISTAN talk on their mounts nearby.  It was a bitch of a siege.  Mm, you were first through the breach at Pyke?  The second. Thoros of Myr went in alone, waving that flaming sword of his.  Thoros of Myr. Bloody madman. Robert knighted you after the battle?  Proudest moment of my life. One knee in the dust, the king's sword on my shoulder, listening to the words. 'In the name of the Warrior, I charge you to be brave.' All I could think of was how badly I had to piss.  (laughs)  In full plate metal for 16 hours. Never occurred to me till the fighting was over. I was very nearly the first man knighted to piss on the king's boots. JORAH and BARRISTAN lead their horses to water.  Robert would have laughed. He was a good man, a great warrior. And a terrible king. I burned away my years fighting for terrible kings.  You swore an oath.  Yes. And a man of honor keeps his vows, even if he's serving a drunk or a lunatic. Just once in my life before it's over, I want to know what it's like to serve with pride, to fight for someone I believe in. Do you believe in her? BARRISTAN nods towards DAENERYS in the background.  With all my heart.  These are the ones?  Yes, khaleesi. The officers. A score of Unsullied march and halt in front of them.  (speaks Valyrian) You did not choose this life. But you are free men now. And free men make their own choices. Have you selected your own leader from amongst your ranks? The Unsullied part, revealing their chosen leader, GREY WORM  (speaks Valyrian) Remove your helmet GREY WORM removes his helmet and walks forward, head bowed. He then looks up at DAENERYS.  (speaks Valyrian) This one has the honor  (speaks Valyrian) What is your name?  (speaks Valyrian) Grey Worm. Daenerys is confused.  (speaks Valyrian) Grey Worm.  All Unsullied boys are given new names when they are cut-- Grey Worm, Red Flea, Black Rat. Names that remind them what they are-- vermin.  (speaks Valeryan) From this day forward you will choose your own names. You will tell your fellow soldiers to do the same. Throw away your slave name. Choose the name your parents gave you, or any other. A name that gives you pride.  (speaks Valeryan) "Grey Worm" gives me pride. It is a very lucky name. The name this one was born with was cursed. That was the name he had when he was taken as a slave. But Grey Worm is the name this one had the day Daenerys Stormborn set him free. JORAH and BARRISTAN lead their horses.  King Robert wanted her dead.  Of course he wanted her dead. She's a Targaryen. The last Targaryen.  I suppose no one on the small council could speak sense to him.  I didn't sit on the small council.  No? Doesn't the Lord of the Kingsguard traditionally--  Traditionally, yes, but I killed a dozen of Robert's friends during his rebellion. The mount their horses.  He didn't want advice on how to govern from a man who had fought for the Mad King. Can't say I minded much. I always hated the politics. They begin to ride alongside the marching Dothraki and Unsullied.  Yeah, I imagine I would, too. Hours spent jabbering about backstabbings - and betrayals the world over.  Mm-hmm.  Still, she'll have to wade through that muck if she wants to rule the Seven Kingdoms.  She'll have good men around her to advise her, men with experience.  Which men do you have in mind?  Forgive me, Ser Jorah, for what I'm about to say, but your reputation in Westeros has suffered over the years.  It suffered for a reason. I sold men into slavery.  I don't know if your presence by her side will help our cause when we go home.  Our cause? Forgive me, Ser Barristan, but I was busy defending the khaleesi against King Robert's assassins while you were still bowing to the man.  We both want her to rule. Am I wrong?  You only joined us a few days ago. I can't speak to your intentions.  If we're truly her loyal servants, we will do whatever needs to be done, no matter the cost, no matter our pride.  You're not Lord here. You're just another exile. And I take my orders from the queen. ROBB surveys a battle map, in deep concentration.  Come to bed.  You were right. ROBB throws down an army piece in disgust.  The Karstarks are gone. Almost half our forces. Tywin Lannister knows what he needs to do to make us unravel. Nothing. Only wait.  Don't let him.  What can I do? Attack King's Landing? There's nothing he'd like better. He'd crush us in a day.  We could ride north. Take your land back from the Greyjoys. Wait out the winter.  Winter could last five years. Once my bannermen are home again, sitting by the fire, surrounded by their families, warm and safe, they'll never ride south again. When I gathered my lords together, we had a purpose, a mission. Now we're like a band of bickering children.  Give them a new purpose.  What?  Oh, I don't know. I don't even know where Winterfell is. ROBB takes her hand and uses it to point out locations on the large map.  Here. And we're here. King's Landing-- He pauses as a thought takes his mind.  What is it?  I can't force them to meet us in the field and I can't attack them where they're strongest, but I can attack them where they're not. ROBB moves one piece to take another on the map.  And Casterly Rock can't run away. I'm going to take their home away from them.  Can you do it?  I need men to replace the Karstarks who marched home. There is only one person in this kingdom with that kind of army who hasn't already sided with the Lannisters. The man whose daughter I was supposed to marry-- Walder Frey. ROBB moves a final piece with a clack. SANSA and MARGAERY sit with a sumptuous meal, watching LORAS and another man battle for show.  He's such a splendid fighter. Do you have any idea when we might  I'll plant the seed as soon as Joffrey and I are married. It should grow quickly.  Joffrey won't let me leave. He's got too many reasons to keep me here.  And only one to let you go. Because it will please me.  Squire! OLYVAR rushes forward to give LORAS a goblet.  Well fought, ser.  That was no fight. I don't know you.  Olyver, if it please you. OLYVAR starts to undo the straps of LORAS' practice armor.  I should like to see you spar with a proper partner, ser.  (chuckles) Their eyes meet. LORAS and OLYVAR lie a bed in passionate and hungry embrace. OLYVAR Is nude.  How did you know?  Know what?  That I wanted to. OLYVAR stands to get a drink.  My lord I'll have you know I'm to be married soon and even my intended hasn't the slightest notion.  They rarely do, in my experience. LORAS approaches behind him.  You have a good deal of experience, do you?  With the husbands. They embrace and return to bed.  That didn't take long.  Well, it took long enough. It seems our Knight of Flowers is engaged to be wed.  Is he? And who's the lucky girl? SANSA look out at a sailing ship in the bay.  She may not be the grandest ship in the world or the fastest, but she's mine. I've always wanted a ship. Now I want a dozen. Strange, isn't it?  What is?  It doesn't matter what we want, once we get it, then we want something else. Your hair is different.  Is it?  Lady Margaery wears it that way.  Many ladies wear it this way.  I have good news. I'll be leaving the city soon.  You still want me to come with you?  It's not a question of what I want. It's what you want. You want to go home, don't you?  Of course. More than anything. But maybe it would be better to wait. I've been thinking how dangerous it would be. Not just for me, but for you. You've been so kind. I'd feel terrible if anything happened to you. I can't tell you how touched I am by your concern for my welfare.  I hope you know that I'm your friend, Sansa. Your true friend.  I do, Lord Baelish.  Petyr.  Petyr.  If you wish to stay, then of course you will stay. LITTLEFINGER kisses her hand.  We'll speak again when I return. LITTLEFINGER exits. TYRION enters, carrying a large tome. He spies CERSEI and pauses.  You're late.  What's she doing here?  Our business concerns her, too. Sit. TYRION sits at the table.  You'll be pleased to learn that after one conversation with Olenna Tyrell, I've saved the crown hundreds of thousands on this wedding.  Never mind that now. We have something important to discuss.  I'm Master of Coin. Saving money is important.  (to Cersei) Stop that. You're making me uncomfortable.  Your sister has learned that your new friends the Tyrells are plotting to marry Sansa Stark to Ser Loras.  Very well. She's a lovely girl. Missing some of Loras' favorite bits, but I'm sure they'll make do.  Your jokes are not appreciated.  It wasn't my best, but--  I bring them into the royal fold and this is how they repay me, by trying to steal the key to the North out from under me.  Sansa is the key to the North? I seem to remember she has an older brother.  The Karstarks have marched home. The young wolf has lost half his army. His days are numbered. Theon Greyjoy murdered both his brothers. That makes Sansa Stark the heir to Winterfell. And I am not about to hand her over to the Tyrells.  The Tyrell army is helping us to win this war. Do you really think it's wise to refuse them?  There's nothing to refuse. This is a plot. Plots are not public knowledge. And the Tyrells won't carry this one out until after Joffrey's wedding. We need to act first and kill this union in its crib.  And how do we do that?  We find Sansa Stark a different husband.  Wonderful.  (amused) Yes, it is. TYRION realizes TYWIN's intent to marry him to SANSA.  You can't mean it.  I can and I do.  Joffrey has made this poor girl's life miserable since the day he took her father's head. Now she's finally free of him and you give her to me? That's cruel even for you.  Do you intend on mistreating her? The girl's happiness is not my concern, - nor should it be yours.  She's a child!  She's flowered, I assure you. She and I have discussed it at length.  There, you see? You will wed her, bed her, and put a child in her. Surely you're capable of that.  And if I refuse?  You wanted to be rewarded for your valor in battle. Sansa Stark is a finer reward than you could ever dare hope for. And it is past time you were wed.  I was wed. Or don't you remember?  Only too well.  You should be thanking the gods for this. This is more than you deserve.  Tyrion will do as he's bid. As will you.  What do you mean?  You'll marry Ser Loras.  I will not.  The boy is heir to Highgarden. Tyrion will secure the North, you will secure the Reach.  No, I won't do it.  Yes, you will. You're still fertile. You need to marry again and breed.  I am Queen Regent, not some broodmare.  You're my daughter! You will do as I command and you will marry Loras Tyrell and put an end to the disgusting rumors about you once and for all.  Father, don't make me do it again, please. TYWIN slams his fist on the table and rises.  Not another word. My children. You've disgraced the Lannister name for far too long. TYWIN exits. Both CERSEI and TYRION brood. LOCKE's men ride through the woods. JAIME's rides with them, his servered hand dangling around his neck. He is glassy-eyed and dejected. BRIENNE, her hands bound, rides next to him with concern.  How many of those fingers do you think we could shove up his ass?  Depends if he's had any practice. Is that the sort of thing you and your sister go in for, Kingslayer? She loosened you up for us? JAIME's horse drifts leftward and JAIME starts to bend and teeter over.  He's going to fall. He's going to fall off his horse. Someone help him. JAIME falls off his horse, face first into the mud. He grunts and searches for purchase with his left hand. Locke halts the party with a signal and dismounts. JAIME struggles to his feet.  (desperately) Water. Water. Please, water. Wa-water. Water, please. Please. Please. One of Locke's men approaches. He opens his canteen, then pours it out on JAIME's filthy head. The men laugh, and BRIENNE is disgusted. LOCKE comes closer.  If I die, you won't be getting--  Oh, enough. Here. LOCKE gives JAIME his canteen. JAIME gulps it down as quickly as he can.  Can't say that I've ever seen a man drink horse piss that fast. The men laugh, and JAIME doubles over, coughing spitting out the piss. A man comes to help him up. JAIME sees his opportunity, and elbows him in the face and grabs his sword as the MAN falls. LOCKE draws his weapon, as do some of his men. The surround JAIME. The Kingslayer makes some awkward left-handed blows that are easily parried. There are too many of them. Another man kicks JAIME down from behind, back into the mud. The men laugh. BRIENNE has had enough.  Stop! BRIENNE slides off her horse. JAIME picks up the sword and starts swinging at the men again. BRIENNE kicks down the man who turns to stop her, while JAIME takes a strong punch to the face. BRIENNE is halted by two drawn swords.  Far enough. The men encircling JAIME continue to toy with him, landing blows when his back is turned. He falls into the black mud again. LOCKE comes to him, and kicks him repeatedly. BRIENNE fumes. LOCKE steps on JAIME's left hand until he finally relents his grip on the sword. LOCKE kicks him again, leaving JAIME sprawled in the mud. The fight has left the Kingslayer. LOCKE kneels down and puts his face threatening close to JAIME's.  Do that again and I'll take your other hand. LOCKE stands and the men pull BRIENNE back to the horses.  Come on, you. JAIME lies in the mud, gazing upward. His severed hand rests cruelly beside his head. TYRION enters VARYS's chambers.  Oh, Lord Tyrion. Come in, come in.  I hope we might speak. In confidence.  Oh, always in confidence. VARYS works to open a large crate with a crowbar  About the events of the Blackwater. Perhaps this is the wrong time?  Oh, no. It's a wonderful time.  I thought one of your little birds might have knowledge of my sister's intentions to--  End your life?  I didn't inherit Littlefinger's spies along with his position, I'm afraid. Which is why I'm coming to you. I need proof.  Proof? Will there be a trial?  I need to know.  I have no proof, only whispers. Before all this nastiness, I was going to tell you the story of how I was cut. Do you want to hear it still?  I don't know. Do I? VARYS pauses from his efforts to open the crate.  As a boy, I travelled with a troupe of actors through the Free Cities. One day in Myr, a certain man made my master an offer too tempting to refuse. I feared the man meant to use me as I'd heard some men used small boys. But what he wanted was far worse. He gave me a potion that made me powerless to move or speak, yet did nothing to dull my senses. With a hooked blade he sliced me, root and stem, chanting all the while. He burned my parts in a brazier. The flames turned blue and I heard a voice answer his call. I still dream of that night. Not of the sorcerer, not of his blade. I dream of the voice from the flames. Was it a god? A demon? A conjuror's trick? I don't know. But the sorcerer called and a voice answered. And ever since that day, I have hated magic and all those who practice it. But you can see why I was eager to aid in your fight against Stannis and his Red Priestess. A symbolic revenge of sorts.  Yes, ahem. I feel the need for actual revenge against the actual person who tried to have me killed. Which will require a degree of influence, which--  You do not possess at the moment. Varys puts down the crowbar and moves to a basin to wash his hands and freshen up.  But influence is largely a matter of patience, I have found. Once I had served the sorcerer's purpose, he threw me out of his house to die. I resolved to live to spite him. I begged. I sold what parts of my body remained to me. I became an excellent thief and soon learned that the contents of a man's letters are more valuable than the contents of his purse. Step by step, one distasteful task after another, I made my way from the slums of Myr to the small council chamber. Influence grows like a weed. I tended mine patiently until its tendrils reached from the Red Keep all the way across to the far side of the world where I managed to wrap them around something very special. VARYS removes the top of the crate. He and TYRION peer in. VARYS protects his nose from the stink. TYRION is aghast.  The sorcerer. The sorcerer lies helplessly in the crate. His mouth has been sewn shut long ago. He mumbles desperately behind his sewn mouth.  Hello, my old friend. It's been a long time. I have no doubt the revenge you want will be yours in time if you have the stomach for it. VARYS returns the lid, in spite of the SORCERER's protests. GRENN and EDDISON TOLLETT work in the pig sty, shoveling mud and shit.  When people talk about the Night's Watch, they never mention the shoveling.  Or the shit.  They tell you about honor, pardoning crimes, and protecting the realm, but shoveling really is most of it.  And getting attacked or killed or worse. And that.  But when you're not getting attacked or killed, usually you're shoveling.  Oh, look. More shit. I was starting to wonder what to do with the rest of my day. RAST stands at the side of the pig sty.  We need to get out of here.  When the Lord Commander says we go, we go.  The Lord Commander told us to go to the Fist of the First Men. How'd that turn out for us?  He had no way of knowing.  We do now. We know what's out there.  Craster's been out here surviving.  So he's your new protector now? Our good friend Craster?  We're like the sons he never had.  Mormont isn't gonna save you. This lummox here isn't gonna save you. When the walkers come calling, Craster will serve us up like so many pigs. If we want to live we'll have to look out for ourselves. GILLY cradles her baby, who gently fusses.  Shh, shh, shh. GILLY stands anxiously as SAM enters.  You woke him.  I'm sorry. He's beautiful.  Shh! The baby cries, and Gilly soothes him.  He's beautiful. Does he have a name?  No.  Are you going to give him one?  Why? GILLY hands SAM the thimble that he gave her when they last saw one another.  Here.  Gilly.  You said to hold it for you until you came back. You're back.  I wanted you to have it.  I don't want your stupid thimble. I want to save my baby's life. Can you do that? Can you? SAM doesn't answer.  I don't have time for you. I don't have time for anyone but him because he doesn't have much time. The baby starts to cry loudly. SAM exits. BRAN runs through the woods. A raven caws overhead. BRAN comes upon a godswood. JOJEN appears by his side.  You have to go after him.  How?  You know how. BRAN climbs to the high branches of the godswood until he finds the raven. He balances his way carefully to the raven.  Brandon. Catelyn appears behind him in the tree.  Mother.  How many times have I told you? No climbing.  Mother, I need to find it. It's here. It's calling me. CATELYN grabs him roughly.  I want you to promise me. No more climbing. She shakes BRAN as her voice rises in volume.  Promise me. Promise me! Promise me! CATELYN shakes him so hard that BRAN looses his footing and he falls from the tree.  Mother! Mother!  Promise me! Promise me, Bran! Promise me! BRAN wakes suddenly before he hits the ground in his dream. He sits up. JOJEN watches him, wordlessly. VARYS and ROS speak in his chambers.  Is he very large?  No larger than usual, apparently. And yet they said that he was--  Extraordinary.  The most extraordinary man they've ever had. And they've had a lot of men.  We're talking about the same Podrick? The quiet boy in Lord Tyrion's service? Seems a bit simple?  (nods)  What did he do to them?  I don't know, my lord. The girls are usually quite descriptive.  So what did they say?  They said it was hard to describe. VARYS pours her some wine.  Huh. Prodigies appear in the oddest of places. And what did Littlefinger say about this loss of income?  He was too preoccupied to notice. He's leaving for the Eyrie soon. I'm helping him prepare for his journey.  Ah, yes, to pursue his enduring love of the Lady Arryn and the title that comes with her. Sad, really. Is that all it takes to make our friend lose interest in poor Sansa Stark?  He hasn't spoken to her since the last time, as far as I know. But I don't think he's lost interest.  What makes you say so?  His shipboard inventory. Ros produces a scroll and hands it to Varys. He opens it.  Ah. You can read. Rare for a woman in your profession.  Former profession.  Of course. I'm missing something obvious you're about to point out?  Two featherbeds. He's bringing two featherbeds for the cabin.  Who is important enough to Littlefinger to merit a featherbed besides Littlefinger? Could he be bringing one of his girls?  He's not interested in them, my lord.  How do you know?  Because I'm one of his girls.  Prodigies in odd places indeed.  Rhaenyra Targaryen was murdered by her brother, or rather his dragon. It ate her while her son watched. What's left of her is buried in the crypts right down there.  The ceremony is traditionally held in the main sanctum, which seats 700 comfortably  There appears to be a good deal of room elsewhere on the premises for everyone else.  There aren't more than 700 people of any importance.  No, the rest are there to look adoringly upon the 700 to remind them how superior they must be to have the best seats.  Over there in that urn, the ashes of Aerion Targaryen. Aerion Brightflame they called him. He thought drinking wildfire would turn him into a dragon.  (laughs)  He was wrong. And, of course, there's the Mad King, killed by my uncle. Would you like to see where the last Targaryens are buried?  Are you sure Lady Margaery doesn't find all this a bit macabre?  Oh, no, it's quite all right, Your Grace. I'd love to see their tombs, really. It's like taking a walk through history.  The tomb's just up here.  This is so exciting. JOFFREY and MARGAERY exit.  You were married here, Your Grace?  Yes.  Must seem like only yesterday.  Seems like a lifetime ago.  Your husband, was he buried here as well?  No, he wanted his remains returned to Storm's End.  Such a tragedy.  A fairly predictable tragedy. Hunting and drinking don't mix.  I should say not. My son's a hunter. It helps him forget he's never been within a mile of a real battle.  I seem to recall he laid siege to Storm's End for the better part of a year.  All he laid siege to was the banquet table in the command tent.  (chuckles)  I told him to stay out of Robert's rebellion. He had no business fighting an actual warrior. We mothers do what we can to keep our sons from the grave. But they do seem to yearn for it. We shower them with good sense, and it slides right off like rain off a wing.  And yet the world belongs to them.  A ridiculous arrangement, to my mind.  (laughs)  The gods have seen fit to make it so.  My father didn't want them here. He was going to have their bodies burned and thrown in the Blackwater, but the High Septon convinced him otherwise.  I'm glad he did. I'm sorry, Your Grace. I know they did terrible things at the end, but their ancestors built this. Sometimes severity is the price we pay for greatness.  I couldn't agree more. They hear the sounds of a shouting crowd outside the Sept.  Shall we go and see them? If you give them your love, they will return it a thousandfold. I've spoken with them. I know how they feel about you. You led the defense of King's Landing. They adore you.  Open the doors. The doors open.  Joffrey. Wait. JOFFREY and MARGAERY step out of the sept.  Lady Margaery!  Lady Margaery!  Bless you, Lady Margaery! MARGAERY waves to the crowd.  Lady Margaery!  Lady Margaery!  Margaery!  Long live Lady Margaery! JOFFREY looks to MARGAERY and she smiles. He joins her in waving.  King Joffrey!  King Joffrey!  King Joffrey!  King Joffrey!  Gods bless King Joffrey! THEON and RAMSEY ride slowly through the woods.  How far is it to Deepwood Motte?  Not far, my lord. Your sister is waiting for you there.  She sent you to save me?  Yes. I served them, the men who were torturing you. I did what they told me and waited for the right moment.  Why would you risk your life for me?  I grew up on Saltcliffe, my lord. I was only a boy when they took you away. My father brought me and my brothers up to the bluffs so we could watch the ship that carried you off. I remember the look on my father's face when he told us, 'That's Balon Greyjoy's last living son.' And those are the words I heard over and over again when I saw what they were doing to you.  Those men, they said my father knew what they were doing to me. Did he?  I-- I don't know, my lord. They-- they never told me much. THEON and RAMSAY leap over a wall and move furtively along it in the rain. They approach a small castle.  My sister's men are loyal to her. We don't need to hide from them.  Not all those are your sister's men. Some of them are loyal to your father. RAMSAY opens the lower gate leading into the castle. It leads to a long hallway.  (chuckles)  What is it?  I was just thinking how jealous I was when my father told Yara to take this place.  What did he tell you to do?  Raid fishing villages. He didn't trust me. Thought I was a Stark. Ha. I could never be a Stark. Robb Stark always reminded me of that.  He lorded it over you?  Didn't have to. All he had to do was be. Be who he was born to be. His life fit him better than his clothes. How could someone like that ever be a brother to me? He's the King in the North. They reach another gate. RAMSAY works to open it with his keys.  And me my father gave me a choice and I made it. I could never be a Stark. But ironborn, that's what I was born to be. I paid the iron price for Winterfell. I murdered those boys. RAMSAY finally has worked the gate open.  The Stark boys?  Never found them. Just some poor orphans living with a farmer. I let Dagmer slit their throats and I let him burn the bodies so I could keep Winterfell and make my father proud.  Maybe it's not too late.  It is. My real father lost his head at King's Landing. I made a choice and I chose wrong. And now I've burned everything down.  Not everything, my lord. She's up here. THEON and RAMSAY continue past the gate and through somedoors. The room is black.  Yara.  Shh. Wait. RAMSAY lights a torch. The room brightens to reveal the X-shaped cross on which Theon had been tortured.  I brought him back. He killed the others. THEON is stunned.  What? No, I didn't. Some guards appear behind THEON. One grabs his shoulder, spins him and punches him in the gut.  You can't! No, please stop! No! The two guards wrestle THEON back onto the cross. He sobs and yells.  Put him back where he belongs. RAMSAY smiles. THEON screams. LOCKE's men continue their ride. JAIME is half-conscious. BRIENNE tries desperately to think of a plan. BRIENNE sits, bound and thinking, her brow still furrowed.  Eat. What are you doing?  I'm dying.  You can't die. You need to live to take revenge.  I don't care about revenge.  You coward. A little misfortune and you're giving up.  Misfor-- misfortune?  You lost your hand.  My sword hand. I was that hand.  You have a taste-- one taste of the real world where people have important things taken from them and you whine and cry and quit. You sound like a bloody woman. BRIENNE and JAIME sit in silence. JAIME reaches for the bread and takes a bite.  I know what you did for me. You told them Tarth was full of sapphires. It's called the Sapphire Isle because of the blue of its water. You knew that. Why did you help me? JAIME doesn't answer. TYWIN writes while CERSEI looks on, impatiently.  You wanted to speak to me?  Yes, about Jaime.  What about him?  I wanted to make sure we're doing everything we can to get him back.  When Catelyn Stark took Tyrion prisoner what did I do in response?  You started a war.  And if I would start a war for that lecherous little stump, what do you think I am doing for my oldest son and heir?  Whatever you can.  Whatever I can. Tywin seals the letter he finished, and starts another one.  You're still here.  Yes.  Why?  Did it ever occur to you that I might be the one who deserves your confidence and your trust, not your sons? Not Jaime or Tyrion, but me. Years and years of lectures on family and legacy-- the same lecture, really, just with tiny, tedious variations-- did it ever occur to you that your daughter might be the only one listening to them? Living by them? That she might have the most to contribute to your legacy that you love so much more than your actual children?  All right. Contribute.  The Tyrells are a problem.  The Tyrells helped us defeat Stannis Baratheon. The Tyrells saved your life, your children's lives.  Margaery has her claws in Joffrey. She knows how to manipulate him.  Good. I wish you knew how to manipulate him. I don't distrust you because you're a woman. I distrust you because you're not as smart as you think you are. You've allowed that boy to ride roughshod over you and everyone else in this city. TYWIN goes back to writing.  Perhaps you should try stopping him from doing what he likes.  I will. OLENNA sits thinking.  Do you like it, Nana?  Another golden rose. How original. I eat from plates stamped with roses. I sleep in sheets embroidered with roses. I have a golden rose painted on my chamber pot, as if that makes it smell any better. Roses are boring, dear. 'Growing strong.' Ha! The dullest words of any house. 'Winter is coming!' Now that's memorable. 'We do not sow.' Strong. Strong. Those are houses you watch out for. Direwolves and krakens, fierce beasts. But a golden rose growing strong--ha, that strikes fear in the heart. VARYS approaches.  Look, little loves. A spider in the garden. Run along now. Grow strong. The maids exit and VARYS arrives.  My lady. I wanted to personally welcome you to King's Landing. The city has been made brighter by your presence.  The city is made brighter by my presence? Is that your usual line, Lord Varys? Are you here to seduce me?  A little obvious, perhaps.  Oh, no, please. Seduce away. It's been so long. Though I rather think it's all for naught. What happens when the nonexistent bumps against the decrepit? A question for the philosophers. But you've come mincing all this way for something. So?  Might I sit?  No. Come, I've heard you're such a clever man. I'm curious why you've sought me out.  You've taken an interest in Sansa Stark.  Have I? Because I spoke to her once in this garden and one of your little spies came running to tell you? Why shouldn't I take an interest? She's an interesting girl.  Is she?  No, not particularly. But she's had an interesting childhood. VARYS moves to leave.  She has, sadly. Well, forgive me for wasting your time, then. I thought we shared certain hopes for her well-being.  Come, come. You surrender rather easily. Walk with me. I know the walls have ears, but apparently the shrubbery does, too. Varys and Olenna walk together.  I choose my allies carefully and my enemies more carefully still.  Which is Sansa Stark?  Neither. A babe in the woods. I admired her father.  Yes. Ned Stark had many admirers, and how many stepped forward when the executioner came for his head?  I could not help Lord Stark. Perhaps I can help his daughter.  How?  You're not the only one who has taken an interest in her.  That's hardly surprising. She's a beautiful girl with a famous name.  Indeed. She'd make a lovely match for the right suitor.  It almost feels as if you're about to arrive at the point.  Littlefinger is not long for the capital. A confidant of mine has told me that when he goes, Sansa Stark goes with him.  And why have you come to me with this matter?  Littlefinger was born with no lands, no wealth, no armies. He has acquired the first two. How long before he has the army?  (laughs)  Perhaps you'll laugh, but I know him better than most and this is the truth. Littlefinger is one of the most dangerous men in Westeros. If Robb Stark falls, Sansa Stark is the key to the North.  And if Littlefinger marries her, he'll have the key in his pocket.  Which seems such a shame. Why should a man with such a low reputation steal away such a lovely bride?  You must despise him. You're working so hard to undermine him.  Actually, I rather enjoy him. But he would see this country burn if he could be king of the ashes.  You are a clever man, Lord Varys.  You are too kind. I believe I have a possible solution.  One doesn't need to be clever for that. It's all rather obvious, isn't it? SANSA kneels at a rocky overlook, praying. MARGAERY approaches.  Ahem. I didn't mean to disturb you.  You haven't.  We'd like some privacy, please. If you wouldn't mind waiting back inside the keep. Or if you'd be kind enough to give me your names, I'll ask the king to speak with you himself. The two guards leave.  What did you pray for?  I can't tell you.  Why not? I'll tell you what I prayed for in the sept this morning. Let's see, for my family's health and happiness, for an end to the war, for a short winter. Boring and traditional, I'm afraid. And you?  I'm sorry, I just can't.  My cousin Alanna was the most beautiful girl I'd ever seen. When I was 12, I was all elbows and knees and Alanna looked like a goddess sent to torture me. Pig-face, she called me.  Pig-face? That's ridiculous.  I think it had something to do with my nose. Whenever she passed me in the halls, she'd oink.  (laughs)  So I prayed that she'd catch a horrible skin disease. A week after that, she came down with porridge plague.  Porridge plague?  You don't have it in the North? Your skin starts to look like boiled oats and eventually your face slides off and you die in agony.  But that's awful.  (nods, laughs)  You're-- I believed you! Porridge plague. I'm an idiot.  Don't say that. No, you're not.  So what happened to Alanna?  Oh, she grew up to be the most beautiful woman and married a handsome lord and they have darling children and live in a castle by the sea. It's all terribly frustrating. They arrive at another overlook.  I'm sure she's jealous of you now. You'll be married here in the capital and she'll have to come watch and pretend to be happy that you're queen. MARGAERY takes both of SANSA's hands.  I want us to be friends, good friends.  That would make me very happy.  You must see Highgarden. You'd love it there. I know you would. We have a great masquerade the night of the harvest moon. You should see the costumes. People work on them for months.  I-- I don't think the queen would let me leave King's Landing.  The Queen Regent, you mean. Once I marry Joffrey, I'll be queen. And if you were to marry Loras. . . Oh, your place would be at Highgarden, wouldn't it? We would be sisters, you and I. Would you like that?  (nods) A funeral pyre blazes in the night.  His name was Bannen. He was a good man, a good ranger. He came to us from-- where did he come from?  Down White Harbor way.  He came to us from White Harbor. Never failed in his duty. He kept his vows the best he could. He rode far, fought fiercely. We shall never see his like again.  And now his watch has ended.  And now his watch has ended. JEOR exits.  Didn't think a broke foot could kill a man.  It wasn't his foot that killed him. That bastard Craster starved him to death.  Craster's got his daughters to feed.  You on his side?  We can't just show up and steal all his food. We're brothers of the Night's Watch, not thieves.  The day we leave, Craster will tap a barrel of our wine and sit down to a feast of ham and potatoes and laugh at us starving in the snow. He's a bloody wildling is all he is.  Never knew Bannen could smell so good. The pyre burns. CRASTER eats and JEOR writes.  You have one son, don't you, Mormont? I had my 99th. You ever meet a man with 99 sons?  (shakes his head)  And more daughters than I can count.  I'm glad for you. The night's watchmen return to warm themselves, including SAM, GRENN, EDDISON, RAST and KARL TANNER.  Are you now? Me, I'll be glad when you and yours have gone.  As soon as our wounded are strong enough.  Ah. They're as strong as they're gonna get. Them that's dying, why don't you cut their throats and be done with it? Hmm? Or leave them if you've not the stomach and I'll sort them myself.  Whose throat you gonna cut, old man?  Wait outside.  It's cold outside and there's nothing to eat.  My wives gave you bread.  There's sawdust in the bread.  You don't like it, you go out there and eat the snow.  I'd rather eat what you've got hidden away. JEOR stands.  I told you to wait outside.  He's sitting there drinking our wine, eating his fill while we die. CRASTER stands in rage.  I gave you crows enough. I've got to feed my women!  So you admit you've got a hidden larder, then? How else'd you make it through winter?  Enough! Out!  I am a godly man.  You're a stingy bastard! CRASTER grabs an ax from the wall approaches KARL TANNER.  Bastard? Out with you, you little thief. And you! And you! Go sleep in the cold on empty bellies. I'll chop the hands off the next man who calls me bastard. JEOR grabs RAST and forces him to exit.  You are a bastard. A daughter-fucking, wildling bastard. CRASTER raises his ax and attacks KARL TANNER. KARL grabs his arm and stabs him in the belly. CRASTER gurgles and chokes.  The gods will curse us for this. By all the laws-- KARL TANNER hits one of CRASTER's wives. He then picks her up from the ground, and she does not resist. He puts his knife to her throat.  There are no laws beyond the Wall. Now show us where he hides the food or you'll get the same as he did. JEOR draws his sword.  Unhand her. KARL TANNER drops the woman and gets ready to face off with JEOR.  I shall have your head for this. RAST stabs JEOR from behind. JEOR's hands go weak, and he drops his sword. GRENN charges KARL TANNER, and they wrestle for control of the knife. Women and men shout as the fight escalates. JEOR turns to face RAST, grabs him by the throat, lifts and pins him against a post. SAM flees to the outside and picks up a sword amidst the chaos. CRASTER lies dead on the floor. JEOR continues to choke RAST, until he suddenly spits up a mouthful of blood, and collapses to the floor. RAST comes to him and savagely stabs JEOR again and again. SAM enters.  Quickly. Quickly.  What's happening? I'm not going out there.  No, we have to go. Now! The baby cries, and they leave the hut to meet the chaos.  Follow me. I know the best way. Come on. GILLY and SAM run from the keep, into the woods.  Run fast, Piggy, and sleep well! I'll be cutting your throat one of these nights. The Brotherhood without Banners rides through the woods. A hooded ARYA rides with THOROS. They pass a series of men serving as lookouts  Can I take this hood off yet?  I do apologize, little lady, but it's better for you if you don't see where we're going.  Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. They hail the lookouts.  Halt! THOROS lifts ARYA's hood to reveal her mouth and offers her a drink.  What is it?  Blackstrap rum. He lets he smell it.  Ugh!  Not easy finding molasses in wartime. Nearby, GENDRY is also hooded.  I'd have some.  Let's go home. CUT TO; The mouth of a cave. The Brotherhood enters, single file, leading the hooded GENDRY, ARYA and the HOUND. They reach the main chamber and remove the hoods.  What is this place?  Somewhere neither wolves nor lions come prowling.  You look like a bunch of swineherds.  Some of us were swineherds. And some of us tanners and masons. That was before.  You're still swineherds and tanners and masons. You think carrying a crooked spear makes you a soldier? BERIC enters.  No. Fighting in a war makes you a soldier.  Beric Dondarrion? You've seen better days.  And I won't see them again.  Stark deserters. Baratheon deserters. You lot aren't fighting in a war. You're running from it.  Last I heard, you were King Joffrey's guard dog. But here you are 1000 miles from home. Which of us is running?  Untie these ropes and we'll find out. What are you doing leading a mob of peasants?  Ned Stark ordered me to execute your brother in King Robert's name.  Ned Stark is dead. King Robert is dead. My brother's alive. The HOUND spits in disgust.  You're fighting for ghosts.  That's what we are-- ghosts waiting for you in the dark. You can't see us, but we see you. No matter whose cloak you wear-- Lannister, Stark, Baratheon-- you prey on the weak, the Brotherhood without Banners will hunt you down.  You found god? Is that it?  Aye. I've been reborn in the light of the one true god. As have we all. As would any man who's seen the things we've seen.  If you mean to murder me, then bloody well get on with it.  You'll die soon enough, dog. But it won't be murder, only justice.  And a kinder fate than you deserve. Lions you call yourselves. At the Mummer's Ford, girls of seven years were raped and babes still on the breast were cut in two while their mothers watched.  I wasn't at the Mummer's Ford. Dump your dead children at some other door.  House Clegane was built upon dead children. I saw them lay Prince Aegon and Princess Rhaenys before the Iron Throne.  Do you take me for my brother? Is being born Clegane a crime?  Murder is a crime.  I never touched the Targaryen babes. I never saw them, never smelled them, never heard them bawling. You want to cut my throat, get on with it! But don't call me murderer and pretend that you're not.  You murdered Mycah. The butchers boy. My friend. He was 12 years old. He was unarmed. And you rode him down. You slung him over your horse like he was some deer.  Aye, he was a bleeder.  You don't deny killing this boy?  I was Joffrey's sworn shield. The boy attacked the prince.  That's a lie! I hit Joffrey. Mycah just ran away.  Then I should have killed you. Not my place to question princes.  You stand accused of murder. But no one here knows the truth of the charge, so it is not for us to judge you. Only the Lord of Light may do that now. I sentence you to trial by combat.  So, who will it be? Should we find out if your fire god really loves you, priest? Or you, archer? What are you worth with a sword in your hand? Or is the little girl the bravest one here?  Aye. She might be. But it's me you'll fight. A pair of great doors open. DAENERYS, MISSANDEI, JORAH and BARRISTAN enter the large and bustling courtyard, populated by guards and townfolk. Two guards move through the square, carrying a litter containing one of DAENERYS's dragons.  (speaks Valyrian)  The master says they are untested. He says you would be wise to blood them early. There are many small cities between here and there, cities ripe for sacking. Should you take captives, the masters will buy the healthy ones and for a good price.  (speaks Valyrian) They come to the massive field where the thousands of Unsullied stand at attention. KRASZYS and GREIZHEN stand before them.  And who knows? In 10 years, some of the boys you send them may be Unsullied in their turn. Thus all shall prosper. DAENERYS walks back to the woven crate containing her dragon. She opens the front and Drogon comes out, scrreching. DAENERYS holds onto the chain attached to the dragon's foot as it takes flight and hovers above her. She hands the chain to KRAZNYS, who struggles against the strength of the small dragon. He smiles greedily, and hands her the whip that represents command of the Unsullied.  Is it done, then? They belong to me?  (speaks Valyrian)  (speaks Valyrian) It is done.  It is done.  (speaks Valyrian) She holds the whip.  You hold the whip.  (speaks Valyrian) The bitch has her army. DAENERYS turns slowly and walks to the unsullied. DROGON's unhappy screeching increases  (speaks Valyrian) Unsullied! The Unsullied come to attention. MISSANDEI is surprised that DAENERYS speaks Valyrian. KRAZNYS struggles against the dragon.  (speaks Valyrian) Forward march! The Unsullied march.  (speaks Valyrian) Halt! The Unsullied halt. KRAZNYS tries to control the dragon.  (speaks Valyrian) Tell the bitch her beast won't come.  (speaks Valyrian) A dragon is not a slave.  (speaks Valyrian) You speak Valyrian?  (speaks Valyrian) I am Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, of the blood of Old Valyria. Valyrian is my mother tongue. DAENERYS turns to the Unsullied.  (speaks Valyrian) Unsullied! Slay the masters, slay the soldiers, slay every man who holds a whip, but harm no child. Strike the chains off every slave you see! An Unsullied pierces a slave master though the heart with his spear. KRAZNYS looks on in panic.  (speaks Valyrian) I am your master. BARRISTAN draws his sword as the Unsullied follow DAENERYS's command.  (screaming Valyrian) Kill her! Kill her! Kill her!  Dracarys. Drogon unleashes his fire breath, consuming KRAZNYS, who screams in agony as he burns. The Unsullied attack and quickly overwhelm the guards. Drogon flies free, spouting fire above the courtyard. The courtyeard is filled with smoke and charred bodies. JORAH surveys the carnage and reaches DAENERYS. She walks forward to inspect he Unsullied, who are back in formation. She mounts a white horse, and rides among them.  (speaks Valyrian) Unsullied! You have been slaves all your life. Today you are free. Any man who wishes to leave may leave, and no one will harm him. I give you my word. Will you fight for me? As free men? One Unsullied begins tapping his spear rhythmically in the sand. Soon others join him, and more still until the sound becomes thunderous and unanimous. JORAH and BARRISTAN look on. DAENERYS rides away from the main gate with her Dothraki and with MISSANDEI, JORAH and BARRISTAN. The 8000 Unsullied march behind her. She tosses away the whip. The three dragons fly overhead. ROOSE BOLTON climbs the stairs to the top of the Twins. The sound of the raging battle below draw him to the edge. The Stark camp is engulfed in flames as the battle rages on. The battle outside the castle walls is fierce. Stark bannermen and Frey forces battle for their lives. Swords clash, and some men are set aflame as they fight for their lives. One man is strung up by his neck into the trees.  It's too late.  Yah! Yah! The HOUND rides out from the castle, ARYA slumped in front of him. He surveys the battle and picks up a Stark banner as he rides by. He urges his mount forward and they trot into the flames.  Go, move out! The HOUND pauses amidst the blinding smoke and flames. His horse whinnies nerviously. The chants of the Frey men grow louder.  The King in the North! The King in the North! he King in the North! The King in the North! Frey men march out of the castle. Mounted behind them, ROBB STARK's headless body has been turned into a grotesque effigy. It is tied roughly onto a post. Grey Wind's head has been mounted to the corpse's shoulders.  The King in the North! The King in the North!  Here comes the King in the North! Here comes the King in the North! ARYA rouses in front of the HOUND. She watches in horror as the Frey men lead the awkward effigy into the yard.  The King in the North! The King in the North!  Here comes ARYA is dejected and the HOUND has fear in his eyes. He spurs the horse forward, and they ride away through the fire and battle. A Stark banner succumbs to the flames. SANSA and TYRION stroll side-by-side through the gardens on a beautiful day. SHAE follows, a few paces back. ELDRICK and DESMOND pass, snickering at them  Hmm. Ser Eldrick Sarsfield and Lord Desmond Crakehall. Ser Eldrick Sarsfield and Lord Desmond Crakehall.  What are you doing?  I have a list.  A list of people you mean to kill?  For laughing at me? Do I look like Joffrey to you? No, death seems a bit extreme. Fear of death, on the other hand--  You should learn to ignore them.  My lady, people have been laughing at me far longer than they've been laughing at you. I'm the Halfman, the Demon Monkey, the Imp.  You're a Lannister. I am the disgraced daughter of the traitor Ned Stark.  The disgraced daughter and the Demon Monkey. We're perfect for each other.  (laughs) TYRION realizes that SHAE overheard that comment. He looks back, embarrassed, and she returns his look, cooly.  So how should we punish them?  Who? Whom?  Ser Eldrick Sarsfield and Lord Desmond Crakehall.  Ah. I could speak to Lord Varys and learn their perversions. Anyone named Desmond Crakehall must be a pervert.  I hear that you're a pervert.  I am the Imp. I have certain standards to maintain.  (chuckles) We could sheep shift Lord Desmond's bed. You cut a little hole in his mattress and you stuff sheep dung inside. Then you sew up the hole and make his bed again. His room will stink, but he won't know where it's coming from.  Lady Sansa!  My sister used to do that when she was angry with me. And she was always angry with me.  Why sheep shift?  That's the vulgar word for dung.  My lady--  Well, you asked me. PODRICK runs down the steps of the garden, looking for TYRION.  Oh! That's him!  My lord, my lady. Your father has called a meeting of the small council.  Killed a few puppies today?  Show him. Come on, show him. Hand shaking, PYCELLE offers a scroll to TYRION. He drops it before TYRION can grab it.  Oh, apologies, my lord. Old fingers. Annoyed, TYRION reaches to the floor and snatches the scroll. He reads it. JOFFREY is manic with energy.  'Roslin caught a fine fat trout. Her brothers gave her a pair of wolf pelts for her wedding. Signed Walder Frey.' Is that bad poetry or is it supposed to mean something?  Robb Stark is dead. And his bitch mother. (to Pycelle) Write back to Lord Frey. Thank him for his service and command him to send Robb Stark's head. I'm going to serve it to Sansa at my wedding feast.  Your Grace, Lady Sansa is your aunt by marriage.  A joke. Joffrey did not mean it.  Yes, I did. I'm going to have it served to Sansa at my wedding feast.  No. She is no longer yours to torment.  Everyone is mine to torment. You'd do well to remember that, you little monster.  Oh, I'm a monster. Perhaps you should speak to me more softly, then. Monsters are dangerous and just now kings are dying like flies. The room goes silent. JOFFREY is aghast at the slight.  I could have your tongue out for saying that. CERSEI takes JOFFREY's hand to calm him.  Let him make his threats. Hmm? He's a bitter little man.  Lord Tyrion should apologize immediately. Unacceptable, disrespectful, and in very bad taste. JOFFREY pulls his hand free from his mother's caress.  I am the king! I will punish you.  Any man who must say, 'I am the king' is no true king. I'll make sure you understand that when I've won your war for you.  My father won the real war. He killed Prince Rhaegar. He took the crown while you hid under Casterly Rock! Once again, the room goes silent as the depth of the insult sinks in.  The king is tired. See him to his chambers. CERSEI stands and tries to lead JOFFREY away.  Come along.  I'm not tired.  We have so much to celebrate. A wedding to plan. You must rest. CERSEI pulls JOFFREY towards the door.  Grand Maester, perhaps some essence of nightshade to help him sleep.  I'm not tired!  Come. CERSEI and JOFFREY exit. PYCELLE stands, takes the scroll from the table, and shuffles out. Next, VARYS rises smoothly to depart. TYRION cautiously swivels to leave as well.  Not you. TYRION measures the situation as VARYS exits.  You just sent the most powerful man in Westeros to bed without his supper.  You're a fool if you believe he's the most powerful man in Westeros.  A treasonous statement. Joffrey is king.  You really think a crown gives you power? TYRION sits back down at the table.  No. I think armies give you power.  Mm-hmm.  Robb Stark had one, never lost a battle, and you defeated him all the same.  Mm-hmm.  Oh, I know. Walder Frey gets all the credit. Or the blame, I suppose, depending on your allegiance. Walder Frey is many things, but a brave man? No. He never would have risked such an action if he didn't have certain assurances.  Which he got from me. Do you disapprove?  I'm all for cheating. This is war.  But to slaughter them at a wedding. Explain to me why it is more noble to kill 10,000 men in battle than a dozen at dinner.  So that's why you did it? To save lives?  To end the war. To protect the family. Do you want to write a song for the dead Starks? Go ahead, write one. I'm in this world a little while longer to defend the Lannisters, to defend my blood.  The northerners will never forget.  Good. Let them remember what happens when they march on the south. All the Stark men are dead. Winterfell is a ruin. Roose Bolton will be named Warden of the North until your son by Sansa comes of age. TYWIN gathers his paper and stands.  I believe you still have some work to do on that score.  Do you think she'll open her legs for me after I tell her how we murdered her mother and brother? TYWIN places the papers on his desk, as TYRION approaches.  One way or another, you will get that girl pregnant.  I will not rape her.  Shall I explain to you in one easy lesson how the world works?  Use small words. I'm not as bright as you.  The house that puts family first will always defeat the house that puts the whims and wishes of its sons and daughters first. A good man does everything in his power to better his family's position regardless of his own selfish desires.  (smirks)  Does that amuse you?  No, it's a very good lesson. Only it's easy for you to preach utter devotion to family when you're making all the decisions.  Easy for me, is it?  When have you ever done something that wasn't in your interest but solely for the benefit of the family?  The day that you were born. I wanted to carry you into the sea and let the waves wash you away. Instead, I let you live. And I brought you as my son. Because you're a Lannister. TYWIN walks away. TYRION enters to find SANSA staring out the window.  Sansa. SANSA turns to him. Her face is wet and swollen from crying. She looks at TYRION with disdain. She turns back to the window, and TYRION lets her be. MEERA jogs across the rough landscape, bow in her hand and Summer at her side. She reaches JOJEN, BRAN and HODOR.  It's empty.  Let's find a place to sleep. They walk together. A fire crackles behind HODOR as he looks down into a well. He plays with his echo.  Hodor. Hodor.  Don't, Hodor. HODOR stops and joins the others. MEERA whittles while JOJEN cooks at the fire. BRAN sits pensively, his hand exploring the rough wooden table at his side.  Maybe we shouldn't stay.  You'd rather be out there?  There are a lot of stories about this place. Horrible stories.  I always quite liked the horrible stories.  So did I. Once. JOJEN moves to sit with the others.  You ever heard about the Rat Cook?  No. Who's he?  Just a cook in the Night's Watch. He was angry at the king for something, I don't remember. When the king was visiting the Nightfort, the cook killed the king's son, cooked him into a big pie with onions, carrots, mushrooms and bacon. That night he served the pie to the king. He liked the taste of his son so much, he asked for a second slice. The gods turned the cook into a giant white rat who could only eat his own young. He's been roaming the Nightfort ever since, devouring his own babies. But no matter what he does, he's always hungry.  If the gods turned every killer into a giant white rat--  It wasn't for murder the gods cursed the Rat Cook or for serving the king's son in a pie. He killed a guest beneath his roof. That's something the gods can't forgive. WALDER eats noisily in the large, empty dining hall. ROOSE BOLTON sands nearby. Servants scrub blood from the floor.  'The late Walder Frey,' old Hoster called me because I didn't get my men to the Trident in time for battle. He thought he was witty. Look at us now, Tully. You're dead, your daughter-Catelyn's dead, your grandson's dead, your son spent his wedding night in a dungeon and I'm Lord of Riverrun. (laughs)  The Blackfish escaped.  An old man on the run with no allies. I have Tywin Lannister backing me. Who does he have?  As you say.  They all laughed at me, all those high lords. They all thought they were better than me. Ned Stark, Hoster Tully. People snigger when I marry a young girl, but who said a word when Jon Arryn married the little Tully bitch?  You'll be needing a new young girl.  Yeah. Got that to look forward to.  (grunts)  And you, the Warden of the North. No more Starks to bow and scrape to. Must have been torture following that stupid boy all over the country.  He ignored my advice at every turn. If he'd been a trifle less arrogant--  Calling himself the Young Wolf. How's that for pomposity?  (nods)  Well, here's to the Young Wolf! (howls)  Forever young. They both laugh.  Will you move to Winterfell now that the war's over?  At some point perhaps. But Winterfell's in ruins.  Yeah. What happened up there? I heard the Greyjoy boy seized the place. I heard he killed all the ravens. And after that, nothing.  I sent my bastard Ramsay to root him out. Robb Stark offered amnesty for the ironborn if they gave us Theon.  Oh. And?  Ramsay delivered the terms. The ironborn turned on Theon as we knew they would. They handed him over trussed and hooded. But Ramsay-- well Ramsay has his own way of doing things. RAMSAY sits, merrily eating a sausage. THEON is strapped once again to the X-shaped cross.  Well, the girls weren't lying. You had a good-sized cock. THEON looks up accusingly at RAMSAY, who mugs a reaction of shock.  What? No. Pork sausage. You think I'm some sort of savage? THEON sulks.  People talk about phantom limbs. An amputee might have an itch where his foot used to be. So I've always wondered do eunuchs have a phantom cock? He holds up a pork sausage as a visual aid.  Next time you think about naked girls, would you feel an itch? RAMSAY shakes the sausage. THEON winces and whimpers. He begins to weep. RAMSAY takes a bit.  Sorry. I shouldn't make jokes. My mother taught me not to throw stones at cripples.  (cries)  But my father taught me to aim for their head.  Kill me.  Sorry, what?  Kill me.  A little louder.  Kill me! THEON begins to sob.  You're no good to me dead. We need you. RAMSAY rises from the table. He walks to THEON grabs THEON's hair and pulls his head back.  You don't look like a Theon Greyjoy anymore. That's a name for a lord. But you're not a lord, are you? You're just meat.  (groans)  Stinking meat. RAMSAY sniffs THEON.  You reek. Reek! That's a good name for you. What's your name?  Theon Greyjoy. RAMSAY gives THEON a powerful slap.  What's your name?  Th-- Theon Greyjoy. RAMSAY punches THEON harder.  Please. RAMSAY grabs THEON's neck with both hands and throttles him.  What is your name?!  Reek. My name is Reek. Satisfied and victorious, RAMSAY releases THEON and walks away. THEON weeps again. The wind howls outside. A distant gasp startles BRAN awake. Summer paces as the gasping continues.  Hodor. HODOR wakes. MEERA draws her knife reflexively as she jumps to consciousness. The gasps continue. Summer growls. Footsteps approach. A figure rises from the well, clanging and groaning. The huge figure enters through the trap door, which clangs shut behind him. MEERA yells and jumps the figure, pinning him to the ground, knife at his throat. It is SAM.  Don't kill me!  Who are you? GILLY enters, frantic, holding her BABY.  Sam! Sam!  Who are you?!  Gilly. Don't hurt us. MEERA releases SAM and he gets up from the floor.  Where are you going?  To Castle Black. I'm a brother of the Night's Watch.  My brother, he's in the Night's--  Shush.  Who's your brother?  Doesn't matter. Summer growls. SAM realizes that BRAN has a direwolf.  You're Jon's brother. The one who fell from the window.  No, I'm not.  I've been around Ghost enough to know a direwolf when I see one. And I've heard all about Hodor.  Hodor.  I'd be dead if it wasn't for Jon. If you're his brother, you're my brother, too. And anything I can do to help you, I will.  Take us north of the Wall. MEERA sheaths her knife and goes to inspect the well.  What? Why in the world would you want to go--  I don't want to. I have to.  How did you get through the Wall?  Does the well lead to an underground river? Is that how you came here?  Come with us. There are steps carved into the south side of the Wall. Hodor can carry you to the top. We'll walk straight to Castle Black.  Come with us. There's nothing north but death.  If Jon is alive, then Castle Black's where he'll be. It's the safest place for you.  There's nowhere safe any longer. You know that.  What I know is what I saw. And if you saw it, too, you'd run the other way.  You saw the white walkers and the army of the dead.  How do you know all that?  The Night's Watch can't stop them. The kings of Westeros and all their armies can't stop them. Everyone is silent. Birds call in the distance. The BABY fusses.  But you're going to stop them?  Please, Sam. I have to go north. I have to. A lone rider gallops towards the Pyke. BALON sits at a cluttered table. YARA stands nearby. BALON opens a leather tube to reveal a scroll. He draws out the scroll, and recognizes the wax seal of the Flayed Man. He breaks the seal and unrolls the scroll.  'Balon Greyjoy, Lord of the Iron Islands and invader of the North. I give you until the full moon to order all ironborn scum out of the North and back to those shit-stained rocks you call a home. YARA carefully unwraps the burlap and twine from around a package. Inside is a small chest. She frees the clasp.  On the first night of the full moon, I will hunt down every islander still in our lands and flay them living the way I flayed the 20 ironborn scum I found at Winterfell. In the box you'll find a special gift-- Theon's favorite toy. He cried when I took it away from him.' BALON stands as YARA opens the box. She is stonefaced. BALON joins her, and offers a similarly sober reaction. He returns to reading the scroll.  'Leave the North now or more boxes will follow with more Theon. Signed Ramsay Snow, natural-born son of Roose Bolton, Lord of the Dreadfort and Warden of the North.' Get that out of my sight. Yara looks at Balon.  Theon disobeyed my orders. Yara gives Balon a challenging look.  The boy is a fool. He cannot further the Greyjoy line. I will not give up the lands I have seized, the strongholds I have taken. Get this away from me.  He's your son.  Son? He's not a man anymore.  He's your son. He's my brother. He's a Greyjoy.  Watch yourself. I've made my decision. BALON sits by the fire.  And I've made mine. I'm going to pick the fastest ship in our fleet.  (voiceover) I'm going to choose the 50 best killers on the Iron Islands.  Get those ropes! The crew prepares the ship for travel. The Pyke stands in the distance. YARA is in command.  (voiceover) I'm going to sail up the Narrow Sea all the way to the Weeping Water. I'm going to march on the Dreadfort. I'm going to find my little brother and I'm going to bring him home. BRAN inspects the dragonglass knife.  What is it?  Dragonglass.  We found them at the Fist. Someone buried them a long time ago. Someone wanted us to find them. Jojen takes a dragonglass knife from SAM, and inspects it.  Why? What are they for? SAM and GILLY exchange a long look.  Killing white walkers.  How do you know that?  The walker came for my Baby. And Sam--  But no one's killed a white walker in thousands of years.  Well, I suppose someone had to be the first. SAM offers a dragonglass knife to HODOR, who refuses it. BRAN takes it and hands it him.  Take it, Hodor. HODOR looks at the remarkable knife. SAM hands dragonglass arrowheads to MEERA.  And the archer. I got lucky with one of them. There are more. Many more. And for every one of them, the dead men, more than you could count. I wish you'd come with us.  I wish I could. I really do. BRAN, HODOR, MEERA and JOJEN walk to the northern exit of the tunnel. SAM and GILLY watch them go. DAVOS approaches GENDRY's cell. GENDRY sits with his back to the bars.  How are you keeping?  Great. Never better.  It was just a bit of blood.  I should have known. Every time a highborn asks my name, it's trouble. We're not really people to you, are we? Just a million different ways to get what you want.  I'm not a highborn.  She called you Ser. I heard it. DAVOS sits down, mirroring GENDRY on the other side of the bars.  A recent state of affairs. I was born in Flea Bottom just like you.  Sure, you were. You're my friend. You're here to help.  I lived below the Street of Flour.  How far below? How close to the Red Keep were you?  The shit that poured from their privy pipes flowed down the side of Aegon's Hill along Tanner's Row and right in front of my front door on Gin Alley.  Gin Alley.  The Street of Steel, with your armor and your knights? Pfft. You lived in the fancy part of town. And here we are now. Two boys from Flea Bottom in the castle of a king.  Yeah, we've come a long way. We're all the same, really. She went to great pains to point that out to me.  If you mistrust fancy people so much, why were you in such a hurry to trust her?  You're me. Never been with a woman. Never talked to a woman, really. And then she comes at you-- big words, no clothes. What would you have done?  She does know her way around a man's head, I'll give her that. They both chuckle.  So how'd you become a lord?  Oh, that's a long story.  Better not, then. I'm a bit busy.  Many years ago I helped King Stannis out of a difficult situation. He rewarded me with a lordship. And this. DAVOS shows GENDRY is half-fingers.  You see? Highborns.  I didn't want to be a lord. I nearly didn't accept.  Why did you?  I did it for my son. I didn't want him to step over a river of shit every time he stepped through his front door. I wanted him to have a better life.  Does he?  He's dead. DAVOS stands up.  How'd he die?  Following me. DAVOS exits. SHAE stares out at the ships in the harbor. VARYS approaches behind her.  When did you come to this strange country?  When I was 13.  You were only a child.  I stopped being a child when I was nine. My mother made sure of that.  You've been a good influence on our mutual friend, you know. He used to drink from sundown to sunup, visit three brothels a night, gamble away his father's money. Now it's just the drinking.  And now I'm his wife's servant. I brush her hair and clip her nails and empty her chamber pot.  She is a sweet young thing. None of this is her fault.  I love that girl. I would kill for her. Do you think that makes it easier for me?  No, I expect not.  She's young and she's beautiful and highborn.  We break bread with them, but that doesn't make us family. We've learned their language, but we'll never be their countrymen. If you let yourself believe that a foreign girl with no name could spend her life with the son of Tywin Lannister--  I have a name.  You have one name. As do I. Here only the family name matters.  What do you want from me, Lord Varys? Varys hands Shae a small bag of diamonds.  Diamonds. I'd tell you to beware carrying so much wealth, but you know how to protect yourself. Get on one of those ships. Sail to Pentos or Lys or Myr. You can buy a house with these diamonds, a very large house. Hire servants. Start a new life, a good life, far from here. The mysterious foreign beauty. You'll have suitors lining up.  Why do you want me to leave?  Tyrion Lannister is one of the few people alive who could make this country a better place. He has the mind for it, he has the will, he has the right last name. And you-- you are a complication. I know you love him. And I know it's true love not bought by gold and silver. I'm not asking you to leave him for money. I'm asking you to leave because your presence in the capital endangers him. This will never be your home, my lady. Find a true home somewhere far from here while there's still time. VARYS moves to leave  Lord Varys. SHAE tosses the bag of diamonds at VARYS's feet.  If he wants me to leave, he can tell me himself. SHAE exits. TYRION and PODRICK sit drinking at his table.  Keep up.  I don't think I can, my lord. TYRION pours more wine for each of them.  It's not easy being drunk all the time. Everyone would do it if it were easy. CERSEI enters from the garden.  Leave. PODRICK stands and exits.  So, enjoying married life? An unhappy wife is a wine merchant's best friend. CERSEI pours herself some wine.  She doesn't deserve this.  Deserve? Be careful with that. Start trying to work out who deserves what and before long you'll spend the rest of your days weeping for each and every person in the world.  There's nothing worse than a late-blooming philosopher.  (chuckles)  Will you be facing your marriage to Ser Loras with the same philosophical spirit?  I won't be marrying Ser Loras.  I seem to remember saying something similar about my own marriage.  You're not me. You want to make things better for Sansa? Give her a child.  So you can tell Father it was you who finally talked me into it?  So she can have some happiness in her life.  You have children. How happy would you say you are?  Not very. But if it weren't for my children, I'd have thrown myself from the highest window in the Red Keep. They're the reason I'm alive.  Even Joffrey?  Even Joffrey. He was all I had once. Before Myrcella was born. I used to spend hours looking at him. His wisps of hair. His tiny little hands and feet. He was such a jolly little fellow. You always hear the terrible ones were terrible babies. 'We should have known. Even then we should have known.' It's nonsense. Whenever he was with me, he was happy. And no one can take that away from me, not even Joffrey-- how it feels to have someone. Someone of your own. CERSEI sits.  How long does it go on?  Until we've dealt with all our enemies.  Every time we deal with an enemy, we create two more.  Then I suppose it will go on for quite a long time. The HOUND and ARYA ride past four laughing Frey soldiers.  I'm telling you, that's what she did. Sounded like a cow in heat.  Aye, not for long.  That's right. Black Walder shut her up right quick. None of the Starks had much to say about the end of that meal.  I'll tell you what, though. The hardest thing was getting that wolf's head to stay on the body. ARYA slides off the horse and lands on her feet.  You sewed it on?  I did.  I bet there were 1,000 men claiming they were the one.  It was me. And Malcolm and Talbott. Well, the thing was so heavy, it fell off the first time. Took the skin right with it. What we ended up having to do was hook the needle right under the collarbone. Give it a nice firm mooring and-- Arya comes up behind the men. They notice her.  What do you want?  Mind if I keep warm? Frey Soldier #2: Fuck off.  But I'm hungry.  Does fuck off mean something different where you're from?  I've got money. Arya produces the silver Braavosi coin from her belt.  What kind of coin is that?  It's worth a lot. ARYA drops the coin in front of the FREY SOLDIER.  Sorry.  Little shit. The FREY SOLDIER reaches down for the coin. ARYA pushes him down by the neck and stabs the FREY SOLDIER repeatedly.  Fool! The other three soldiers rise to attack, but the HOUND appears to shield her. The Frey Soldiers attack the HOUND. He punches one in the face and slices another across the gut. He dodges a blow and disarms the third. He then dispatches the two soldiers who remain standing. ARYA watches, awestruck. She stands up as the HOUND deals a final blow.  Where did you get the knife?  From you. ARYA holds up the knife, emotionless. The HOUND takes it.  Is that the first man you've killed?  The first man.  Next time you're going to do something like that, tell me first. The HOUND walks to the soldier's fire and starts eating their meal. ARYA bends down and picks up her Braavosi coin.  (whispers) Valar morghulis. JON cleans his facial wounds in a small pool. His horse grazes nearby. He hears the sound of a bow being drawn. He turns to see YGRITTE, an arrow notched and aimed at him. She is the picture of controlled anger. JON stands and faces her.  Ygritte, you know I didn't have a choice. You always knew who I was, what I am.  (grunts)  I have to go home now. I know you won't hurt me. YGRITTE's emotions start to crack.  You know nothing, Jon Snow.  I do know some things. I know I love you. YGRITTE grunts and draws her bow harder in rage.  I know you love me. But I have to go home now. YGRITTE fights back tears. JON turns, and she looses an arrow into Jon's shoulder. Jon falls to the ground, grunting in pain. YGRITTE notches another arrow as JON lurches up and grabs onto his horse. YGRITTE hesitates. JON mounts and YGRITTE puts an arrow into his leg. JON cries out and spurs his horse. YGRITTE has found her resolve. She notches another arrow. She tracks him and shoots him a third time as he gallops away. She begins to weep. It is a grey day, and the courtyard is relatively quiet. MAESTER AEMON sits by the fire. SAM and GILLY stand before him. She cradles her BABY.  I know how this must look. What I meant was--  I swear to you, my lord--  I'm not a lord, my dear. Not for many, many years. Every man who joins the Night's Watch renounces all former titles. Among other things. What is your name?  Gilly.  Ah, for the gillyflower. Lovely.  Yes, my--  Maester.  Master.  Maester.  And the child?  She hasn't chosen a name yet.  His name is Sam.  Tarly do you remember the oath you swore when you joined this order?  He's not my child, Maester Aemon. She's one of Craster's wives. I remember every word of the oath. Night gathers and my watch begins. I am the shield that guards the realms of men. The realms of men. That means her as well as us. We didn't build 500 miles of ice walls 700 feet high to keep men out. The night is gathering, Maester Aemon. I've seen it. It's coming for all of us.  Gilly, you and your son will be our guests for the time being. We certainly cannot send you back beyond the Wall.  Thank you Maester. I can cook and clean and I can--  Good. Samwell, fetch a quill and inkwell. I hope your penmanship is better than your swordplay. SAM sits at the writing desk and readies a quill.  Miles better.  We had 44 ravens at last count. Make sure they're all fed. Every one of them flies tonight. DAVOS sits in a rough-hewn chamber. A pile of sealed scrolls sits on the table in front of him. SHIREEN sits reading a book nearby. DAVOS opens a scroll and tries to read it.  'To His Grace King Stannis Baratheon. Invaded-- inv-- invit-- invited to the name day celebration for Rylene Florent on the first nigit--'  Night  'First night of the full moon.' Why is there a G in night?  I don't know. There just is.  Well, your father's not going to go to that. SHIREEN sits next to DAVOS. He puts the scroll back on the table.  My books are better than these boring scrolls. You could read about Balerion the Dread. They say you can still see his skull in the dungeons beneath the Red Keep. I'd like to see that someday.  I've been trying to stay out of those dungeons my whole life.  'His fangs were as long as bastard swords.' SHIREEN moves back to the bed.  Aye, old Balerion's definitely better than anything your cousin Rylene's got on offer. But now that I'm your father's Hand again, I have to keep him informed. The king does not have time for this drudgery. 'To all the lords and knobble men of Westeros.'  ' Noblemen.'  'Noblemen of Westeros, the Nig-- the Night's Watch implores'  What is it? Bells ring out in the distance. SHIREEN puts down her book.  Why are they ringing the bells? Are we being attacked?  Stay here. Bar the door. DAVOS stands and exits. MELISANDRE picks up some pieces from the war map. STANNIS is hunched over the table, holding a single scroll. MELISANDRE starts to drop the pieces in the fire, one by one. DAVOS enters.  The usurper Robb Stark is dead. Betrayed by his bannerman.  And you take credit because you dropped a leech into the fire?  I take no credit. I have faith and my faith has been rewarded.  Your Grace, the world has got so far bent. I've seen things crawl out of nightmares, but my eyes were open. I don't know if Robb Stark died because of the Red Woman's sorcery or because at war men die all the time, but I do know that uniting the Seven Kingdoms with blood magic is wrong. It is evil. And you are not an evil man.  Do you know who had this table carved and painted, Ser Davos?  Aegon Targaryen.  And do you know how Aegon Targaryen conquered Westeros?  On the back of his dragon Balerion the Dread.  He had a smaller fleet than the kings he faced and a smaller army, but he had three dragons. Dragons are magic, Ser Davos. My enemies have made my kingdom bleed. I will not forget that. I will not forgive that. I will punish them with any arms at my disposal.  You do not need to burn the boy. If what you say is true, a drop of his blood killed Robb Stark--  And our king is still no closer to the Iron Throne. A great gift requires a great sacrifice. MELISANDRE touches STANNIS's shoulder. He turns, and then walks to face the sea.  His name is Gendry. He's a good lad. A poor lad from Flea Bottom who happens to be your nephew.  What is the life of one bastard boy against a kingdom?  Everything.  The boy must die. DAVOS enters, bearing a torch. He unlocks GENDRY's cell.  What are you doing?  You're leaving.  Is this some kind of trick?  Yes, but not on you. DAVOS throws a cloak to GENDRY. DAVOS and GENDRY walk to a rowboat. DAVOS tosses a bag into the boat and pushes it into the water.  Aim for that star. Don't stop. There's bread and water. Go slow with it. If you finish it off, no matter how thirsty you get, don't drink seawater. They wade into the water.  I know not to drink seawater.  Row for a full day and night and you'll reach Rook's Rest. You'll want to stop there. Don't. She'll find you.  Where should I go?  You must keep the coast on your left side until you reach King's Landing.  The gold cloaks are looking for me.  They were looking for me for 20 years. Do they know your face?  No.  I'd worry more about the Red Woman. Gendry boards the rowboat and sits  The other way. Gendry turns around in the boat and sits at the oarlocks.  You ever been in a boat before?  No.  You know how to swim?  No.  Don't fall out. Go on. DAVOS pushes the rowboat away from the shore.  Why are you doing this?  Because it's right. And because I'm a slow learner. GENDRY begins to row away.  When you get to Flea Bottom, have a bowl of brown for me. JON lies slumped on his horse's back as it approaches Castle Black. A GUARD calls from a high walkway.  Horse approaching! Halt! Halt! JON slides off the horse and lies motionless in the snow. The GUARD rushes down Two Night's Watchmen drag JON through the courtyard. Others come rushing in to see what is happening. They set JON down and roll him over. SAM and PYP stand over him.  Jon! Jon! Jon, it's us.  I don't think he can see us.  Pyp? Sam?  Hush, now. You're home. Carry him inside. Gently. They carry JON to the stairs. The market is busy and teeming with daily life. JAIME enters the gate, soiled by days of travel. He marvels at being back in the capitol after so long. BRIENNE follows just behind.  Out of the way. Step aside, country boy. People working here. JAIME is quiet and humble. He exchanges a look with BRIENNE, who nods encouragingly. They walk into the clamor. CERSEI sits, admiring a collection of exotic shells, reliving some memory. JAIME enters quietly behind her.  Cersei. CERSEI looks up and gasps. They measure one another. She notices JAIME's hand. He looks down. DAVOS stands before some guards. STANNIS and MELISANDRE interrogate him.  You don't deny it?  No. I let him go.  Your mercy saved the boy's life. You feel good about that?  Aye, I do.  You saved one innocent. How many tens of thousands have you doomed?  There has got to be another way.  What other way?! Tell us about this other way.  I don't know, Your Grace. I can't see the future in the fire.  Very well, Ser Davos Seaworth. I, Stannis of the House Baratheon, First of My Name, Rightful King of the Andals and the First Men, sentence you to die.  I understand. But since you haven't yet unnamed me Hand of the King, it is my duty to advise you against it. You're gonna need me.  Take him away. The guards start to wrestle DAVOS away.  Why am I gonna need you? Davos produces a scroll and holds it our for Stannis.  My king. Stannis takes the scroll and reads it.  It's from Maester Aemon of the Night's Watch. Their Lord Commander is dead. Took a ranging party north and never made it back. One lad did, though. What he saw beyond the Wall-- it's coming for all of us. Stannis hands scroll to Melisandre. She reads it.  When did you learn to read?  Matthos taught me before he died so I could be of better service to you. Melisandre burns the scroll.  This War of Five Kings means nothing. The true war lies to the north, my king. Death marches on the Wall. Only you can stop him.  You can't stop him alone. You need someone to rebuild your army for you, someone to convince this lord and that lord to fight for you, to bring sellswords and pirates to your side.  I've made my decision.  He's right. You need him. He has a part to play in the war to come.  (chuckles) You see, Ser Davos? You've been saved by that fire god you like to mock. You're in his army now. DAVOS and MELISANDRE look at one another. DAENERYS, MISSANDEI, JORAH, BARRISTAN and DAARIO stand on the rocks, surrounded by the Unsullied and the Dothraki. The dragons chitter as they wait outside Yunkai.  They will come, Your Grace. When they're ready.  Perhaps they didn't want to be conquered.  You didn't conquer them. You liberated them.  People learn to love their chains. The door opens and a crowd pours out. Each wears a collar around their neck. As they get close to DAENERYS, the Unsullied, as one, take a defensive position, spears pointed at the crowd. A dragon screaches.  (speaking Valyrian) This is Daenerys Targaryen, the Stormborn, the Unburnt, the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros, Mother of Dragons. It is to her you owe your freedom  No. DAENERYS surveys the crowd.  (speaking Valyrian) You do not owe me your freedom. I cannot give it to you. Your freedom is not mine to give. It belongs to you and you alone. If you want it back, you must take it for yourselves. Each and every one of you. The crowd is silent until one man, holding his daughter, calls out.  Mhysa!  Mhysa! The whole crowd joins in the shouting.  Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa!  What does it mean?  It is old Ghiscari, khaleesi. It means 'mother'. The crowd steps closer and they continue to call to DAENERYS. The Unsullied take a more threatening stance to hold them back. Panic and fear begin to ripple through the confused crowd. They regain their voice and renew their cries.  Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa.  It's all right. These people won't hurt me. DAENERYS steps forward kneels next to her three dragons.  (in Valyrian) Fly. The dragons screach and launch to the sky. DAENERYS steps down among the Unsullied.  Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa.  (in Valyrian) Let me pass DAENERYS walks into the crowd. The touch her gently as she passes through them. They are elated, and they continue to chant to her.  Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa. Mhysa! DAENERYS walks deep into the crowd. They lift her up above them, and she sits on their shoulders as the crowd reaches towards her. They spin slowly and the crowd forms rings around her. She smiles and the crowd tightens into a spiral of adulation. The Unsullied remain in formation. The dragons soar overhead. SAM tends to the fire while GILLY sits nearby, cradling her baby.  You've got too much wood in there.  But the more wood, the bigger the fire.  It needs to breathe. Take off that big log. SAM removes the log. The fire quickly comes to life.  Huh. You know your fires. SAM sits.  Someone built your fires for you growing up?  It doesn't get so cold down in the Reach. And there were servants, of course.  I knew you were highborn.  Oh, I found something at the Fist of the First Men. Buried treasure. Thousands of years old. I think. SAM pulls out the dragonglass knife.  What does it do?  I'm not sure that it does anything. It's beautiful, though, isn't it?  How much longer?  Not so far. A few more days.  Is the Wall as big as they say?  Bigger. So big you can't even see the top sometimes. It's hidden in clouds.  You're playing with me.  I'm not. It's 700 feet high, all made of ice. On a warm day you can see it weeping. Castle Black is nice enough. They keep a fire burning in the long hall day and night. And Hobb makes venison stew with onions. Very tasty. Sometimes, one of the brothers will sing. Dareon sings best.  Do you sing?  No. No, no, no. Not very well.  Sing me a song.  Oh, all right. Let's see. The baby fusses.  Oh ahem. (sings) The father's face is stern and strong / He sits and judges right from wrong / He weighs our lives, the short and long / And loves the little children / The mother gives the gift of life / And watches over every wife / Her gentle smile ends all strife /And she loves her little children. MEERA skins a rabbit while OSHA looks on.  That's not how you skin a rabbit.  I know how to skin a rabbit.  Not by the looks of it. BRAN sits, back to a tree nearby. OSHA skins another rabbit in a quick motion and twists its head off.  You grow up north of the Wall, you learn the proper way to handle game.  I didn't see any game before I got here.  If I had a bow, I could have shot a dozen rabbits.  Well, I made this bow myself. Guess you don't learn how to do that north of the Wall.  You learn how to use your fists, though.  Oh, you're gonna punch the rabbits to death?  I had someone else in mind.  Well, someone else is sitting right here.  You're both very good at skinning rabbits.  Some of us are just a little better.  Well, some of us would say thank you when someone else hunts down their breakfast for them. Or don't they teach you to say thank you north of the Wall?  You've got a big mouth, girl, and too many teeth. OSHA and MEERA stand, posturing for a fight.  Stop it!  Hodor.  You've been fighting since you met. Just stop it.  Lady Reed here's got a stick so far up her ass, it's a wonder her feet touch the ground.  You've been nasty to her every day. Of course she's nasty back.  Me? It's my fault? First time I met her, she put a knife to my throat.  First time I met you, you held a knife at me. We can't fight each other. We'll never make it to the Wall. I want you both to make peace. OSHA and MEERA kneel and get back to work.  Your way of skinning rabbits is quicker than mine.  I said so, didn't I?  Osha!  You're a good little hunter.  Thank you. See? Not so hard, is it? Thank you.  Don't push me. JOJEN begins to spasm in his sleep. MEERA goes to him to help. She places a leather belt between his teeth. The spasm continues.  Shh. I'm right here with you. RICKON wakes.  What's happening?  I'm right here with you.  What's wrong with him? JOJEN's fit worsens, his eyes now open.  The visions take their toll.  He's having one now?  (nods) JOEN cones to his senses and sits up.  I saw Jon Snow.  You saw him? At Castle Black?  He was on the wrong side of the Wall surrounded by enemies. The Wildlings pack up their camp in the woods. TORMUND, ORELL, JON and YGRITTE are among them.  Used to be you couldn't find a tree within a mile of the Wall. Crows would come out every morning with axes. TORMUND exits.  Your flock gets smaller every year. ORELL exits.  You ever climbed it before?  No. But Tormund's done it half a hundred times. You're afraid.  Aren't you?  Aye. It's a long way up and a long way down. But I've waited my whole life to see the world from up there. Here, sit down. JON sits. YGRITTE hands him some climbing cleats to strap onto his boots.  I brought a pair for you. They're too big for you, but they're good.  You kill someone for them?  Nah. I didn't kill him, but I bet his balls are still bruised. They laugh.  He wasn't good to me the way you're good to me. He didn't do that thing you do with your tongue.  Can we not talk about that here?  'Can we not talk about that here? I'm Jon Snow. I've killed dead men and Qhorin Halfhand, but I'm scared of naked girls.'  Did I seem scared the other day?  You were trembling like a leaf.  Only in the beginning.  Only in the beginning. You're a proper lover, Jon Snow. And don't worry. Your secret's safe with me.  What secret?  Do you think I'm as dumb as all those girls in silk dresses you knew growing up? You're loyal and you're brave. You didn't stop being a crow the day you walked into Mance Rayder's tent. JON freezes. YGRITTE comes closer, furtively.  But I'm your woman now, Jon Snow. You're going to be loyal to your woman. The Night's Watch don't care if you live or die. Mance Rayder don't care if I live or die. We're just soldiers in their armies and there's plenty more to carry on if we go down. She moves to sit next to him.  It's you and me that matters to me and you. Don't ever betray me.  I won't.  'Cause I'll cut your pretty cock right off and wear it 'round my neck. TORMUND returns. He hands JON a climbing axe.  Sink your metal deep and make sure it holds before taking your next step. And if you fall, don't scream. You don't want that to be the last thing she remembers. ARYA practices with a bow, shooting arrows into a straw man. She says a name with each arrow she lets fly. ANGUY watches, while THOROS sit nearby, drinking.  Joffrey. Cersei. Ilyn Payne.  You're good. You're not as good as you think you are.  Face, tits, balls-- I hit 'em right where I wanted to.  Aye, but you took your sweet time of it. You won't be fighting straw men, little lady. Show me your position. ARYA pulls back the bow and ANGUY corrects her form.  Keep your elbow high. You want your back doing the hard labor. You're holding. Never hold. ARYA lowers the bow.  What?  Your muscles tense up when you hold. Pull the string back to the center of your chin and release. Never hold.  But I have to aim.  Never aim.  Never aim?  Your eye knows where it wants the arrow to go. Trust your eye. ARYA draws the bow.  There's someone out there. A party of mounted travelers approaches. ANGUY takes the bow and meets them on the path.  That's about far enough. MELISANDRE lowers her red hood.  We come as friends.  Begging your pardon, m'lady, but we'll be the judge of that.  Valar morghulis.  Valar dohaeris. (speaks Valyrian) I don't see many priestesses of R'hollor in the Riverlands.  (speaks Valyrian) You are Thoros of Myr.  (nods)  (speaks Valyrian) The High Priest gave you a mission. Turn King Robert away from his idols and towards the Lord of Light. What happened?  (speaks Valyrian) I failed.  (speaks Valyrian) You quit, you mean. The heathen continue to slaughter each other and you continue to get drunk.  (speaks Valyrian) You worship Him in your way, and I'll worship Him in mine. Do you speak the common tongue?  My friends here don't speak High Valyrian. Why are you here, my lady? BERIC sits by the fire. MELISANDRE and THOROS enter. He stands.  Forgive my manners. I don't see many ladies these days.  Lucky for the ladies. Melisandre scans Beric, with both her eyes and her hand. She is fascinated by his scars.  How many times has the Lord brought him back?  Six.  (speaks Valerian) That's not possible.  (speaks Valerian) The Lord has smiled upon me.  (speaks Valerian) You should not have this power.  (speaks Valerian) I have no power. I ask the Lord for His favor, and He responds as He will. THOROS sits and begins to drink again.  I've always been a terrible priest. Drank too much rum. Fucked all the whores in King's Landing. It's a terrible thing to say, but by the time I came to Westeros, I didn't believe in our Lord. I decided that He, that all the gods, were stories we told the children to make them behave. So I wore the robes and every now and then I'd recite the prayers, but it was just for show. A spectacle for the locals. Until the Mountain drove a lance through this one's heart. I knelt beside his cold body and said the old words. Not because I believed in them, but he was my friend and he was dead. And they were the only words I knew. And for the first time in my life, the Lord replied. Beric's eyes opened and I knew the truth. Our god is the one true god. And all men must serve Him.  You've been to the other side.  The other side? There is no other side. I have been to the darkness, my lady. He sent you to us for a reason.  You have someone He needs. ANGUY hands an arrowhead to GENDRY.  Bodkin point. Penetrates plate at 200 yards. Can you make 'em?  Yeah, nothing tricky about it. Just need decent steel.  I'll get you the steel.  Come on. MELISANDRE and her men pass nearby, pulling a wagon.  I don't like that woman. MELISANDRE, THOROS and BERIC approach.  That's 'cause you're a girl.  (laughs)  What does that have to do with anything?  Forgive me, lad. Two of MELISANDRE's guards grab and bind Gendry.  What are you doing? Let go of him. ARYA tries to intervene, but the guard pushes her away easily.  Tell them to stop. Come on. He wants to be one of you. He wants to join the Brotherhood. Stop them!  We serve the Lord of Light and the Lord of Light needs this boy.  Did the Lord of Light tell you that or did she? A GUARD returns from the horses with two sacks of gold. He hands them to BERIC. MELISANDRE walks away.  You're not doing this for your god. You're doing it for gold.  We're doing it for both, girl. We can't defend the people without weapons and horses and food. And we can't get weapons and horses and food without gold.  You told me this was a Brotherhood. You told me I could be one of you.  You are more than they can ever be. They're just foot soldiers in the great war. You will make kings rise and fall. ARYA approaches MELISANDRE from behind, and spins her around from the elbow.  You're a witch. You're going to hurt him. Melisandre grabs Arya's chin.  I see a darkness in you. And in that darkness, eyes staring back at me-- brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes. Eyes you'll shut forever. We will meet again. The wagon carrying GENDRY drives away. TORMUND, ORELL, YGRITTE, JON climb the wall. Three more wildlings lag behind. The wind howls and the snow swirls. They use ropes, pitons and axes. The climb is slow and arduous. The height is dizzying.  You staring at my ass, Jon Snow? JON smiles. Just above them, TORMUND's axe releases a cluster of ice from the wall.  Look out! ORELL and YGRITTE dodge, but the falling ice hits JON in the face, and he loses his grip. His pitons gives way, and he slides helplessly down the wall until the slack of his rope is used up.  You all right? JON begins to climb again.  Just seeing if you can take a hit, lad. RAMSAY blows a horn, waking THEON, who is bound to the X-shaped cross.  Sorry. Were you sleeping?  Wa--  Wa--? Wa--? Water? You want some water. I wish I had some for you. RAMSAY holds up the mug from the table next to him. He slowly pours out the water to the floor. He rises and walks to THEON>  (whimpering)  So let's play a game. Which body part do you need the least?  Please.  Please is not a body part.  I'll tell you everything, please.  But you've already told me everything. Remember? Your daddy was mean to you. The Starks didn't appreciate you. One good bit, though. The Stark boys, they're still alive. Wouldn't that be a hunt to remember? You failed, but I'm a better hunter than you. Ramsay prods Theon.  Now how about your little finger? You don't use that for much, do you? No? Good. Let's start with that. RAMSAY works at the leather straps on THEON's right hand.  (groans)  You've been wondering why you're here. Haven't you? Where you are. Who I am. Why I'm doing this to you. So guess. If you guess right, I'll tell you. By the old gods and the new, I swear it. You win the game if you can figure out who I am and why I'm torturing you and I win the game if you beg me to cut off your finger.  If I win, you'll let me go?  If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention.  Please. RAMSAY draws a knife brandishes just before THEON's chin.  You say please again and you'll wish you hadn't. You first. Where are we?  The North.  Too vague.  Deepwood Motte.  Terrible guess. RAMSAY tortures THEON by stabbing his right pinky. THEON cries out.  Now, where?  Last Hearth.  Do I look like a fucking Umber to you? This time, RAMSAY holds the knife in THEON's pinky for much longer.  Karhold! RAMSAY stops.  Karhold? How did you know that? Did you see any banners flying when we came in?  No. It was just a guess.  Very good, Lord Theon. And who am I?  Torrhen Karstark.  He's dead. Strangled by the Kingslayer.  He was your brother. Your father is Lord Rickard Karstark. RAMSAY walks away.  You swore to tell me if I--  You're right.  Lord Rickard Karstark is Robb Stark's bannerman. I betrayed Robb. That's why you're torturing me.  Yes. You win. THEON is relieved. RAMSAY looks dejected. But get rises suddenly, full of energy.  Of course, you forgot to ask one question. You forgot to ask if I'm a liar. Ramsay tortures Theon by twisting his knife in the tip of THEON's pinky.  (screams louder than before)  I'm afraid I am. RAMSAY squeezes THEON's pinkie.  Everything I told you is a lie. RAMSAY continues to punish THEON's pinky.  (screams in desperation)  This isn't happening to you for a reason. Well, one reason-- I enjoy it. The torture continues.  Please, cut it off! Cut it off! Cut it off! RAMSAY stops and stands before THEON. He smiles.  I win. Robb, Catelyn, Brynden, Edmure, Black Walder and Lothar sit around a large table.  Thank you for riding here so quickly. I know travel isn't easy in these times.  The roads are crawling with cutthroats and bandits. But when the King of the North summons us, we come.  Our father has instructed us to tell you that his alliance with the North can continue if his terms are met. Lord Frey requires a formal apology for your violation of your sacred oath to marry one of his daughters.  Of course. He deserves as much. I was in the wrong. Black WALDER: As restitution for this betrayal, he demands Harrenhal and all its attendant lands.  I don't think that's--  We are fighting for the North. Harrenhal is not in the North. It is his once the war is over and we have no further strategic need for it.  And there's something else.  We will do whatever we can to give Lord Frey what he needs.  Not what, whom. BLACK WALDER looks at EDMURE.  What? BRYDEN, ROBB and LOTHAR also stare at. EDMURE.  (chuckles) No.  Our father requires Lord Edmure to wed one of his daughters-- Roslin.  How old is she?  19  Could I see her first?  You want to count her teeth? We depart for the Twins in the morning. We need an answer before we leave and a wedding not more than a fortnight thereafter or this alliance is at an end.  Your father does realize we're in the middle of a war?  Father is old. It will put his heart at peace if he could see her wed to a good husband. Black WALDER: And his recent experience has made him wary of long engagements.  He has every right to be. Please excuse us while we discuss it. LOTHAR and BLACK WALDER exit.  Why should I let that old ferret choose my bride for me? At the very least, I should be offered the same choice you were. I'm his liege lord. EDMURE stands.  He's a proud man and we've wounded him.  I didn't wound him. My answer is no. BRYNDEN stands and walks to EDMURE.  Listen to me and listen very carefully. You--  The laws of gods and men are very clear. No man can compel another man to marry.  The laws of my fist are about to compel your teeth.  It's all right. You heard him. If you refuse, our alliance with the Freys is dead. BRYDEN sits.  He's wanted me for one of his daughters since I was 12. He's not gonna stop wanting it now. When I say no, he will come back and offer me a daughter of my choosing.  You're willing to risk our freedom and our lives for a chance at a prettier wife?  I have a war to fight. We can't win it without them. I have no time to haggle. You said you wanted to make amends for the Stone Mill.  You recall that heroic engagement?  I had something less permanent in mind.  I've won every battle, but I'm losing this war. If we don't do this and do it now, we're lost.  I'll marry her.  You're paying for my sins, Uncle. It's not fair or right. I'll remember it. JAIME struggles to feed himself one-handed. BRIENNE sits next to him in a gown, and ROOSE sits across from them both.  I see my men have finally found you something appropriate to wear.  Yes. Most kind of them. You're a Stark bannerman, Lord Bolton. I am acting on Lady Stark's orders to return Jaime Lannister to King's Landing. Roose BOLTON: When King Robb left Harrenhal, his mother was his prisoner. If she wasn't his mother, he'd have hanged her for treason. Brienne stabs Jaime's steak so that he has leverage to cut it.  I should send you back to Robb Stark.  You should. But instead, you're sitting here watching me fail at dinner. Why might that be?  Wars cost money. Many people would pay a great deal for you.  We both know who would pay the most. Or make you pay the most if he found out you had captured me and sent me back up north for a summary execution.  You're right. Perhaps the safest thing to do is to kill you both and burn your bodies.  It would be, if you honestly believed my father would never find out about it.  King Robb is keeping your father quite busy. He doesn't have time for anything else.  He'll make time for you.  As soon as you're well enough to travel, I will allow you to go to King's Landing as restitution for the mistakes my soldiers made. And you will swear to tell your father the truth, that I had nothing to do with your maiming. JAIME nods and reaches for a pitcher.  Shall we drink on it? JAIME begins to pour, but ROOSE stops him.  I don't partake.  You do understand how suspicious that is to ordinary people? JAIME pours wine for BRIENNE and himself.  Very well. My lady, may our journey continue without further incident.  Oh, she won't be going with you.  I am charged with bringing Ser Jaime to--  You are charged with abetting treason.  I'm afraid I must insist.  You're in no place to insist on anything. I would have hoped you'd learned your lesson about overplaying your position.  Impossible. TYWIN pours some wine.  Why?  My grandson is the pride of Highgarden. The most desirable bachelor in all seven kingdoms. Your daughter--  Is rich, the most beautiful woman in all seven kingdoms and the mother of the king. TYWIN hands a glass to OLENNA.  Old.  Old?  Old. I'm something of an expert on the subject. Her change will be upon her before long. I'll spare you the details of what will happen then. You men may have a stomach for bloodshed and slaughter, but this is another matter entirely.  The years punish us as well, I promise you that. My stomach remains quite strong, however. The only thing that might turn it are details of your grandson's nocturnal activities. Do you deny them?  Oh, not at all. A sword swallower through and through.  And a boy with his affliction should be grateful for the opportunity to marry the most beautiful woman in the kingdoms and remove the stain from his name.  Did you grow up with boy cousins, Lord Tywin? Sons of your father's bannermen, squires, stable boys?  Of course.  And you never--  No.  Not once? Not in any way?  Never.  I congratulate you upon your restraint. But it's a natural thing, two boys having a go at each other beneath the sheets.  Perhaps Highgarden has a high tolerance for unnatural behavior.  I wouldn't say that. True, we don't tie ourselves in knots over a discreet bit of buggery, but brothers and sisters-- where I come from, that stain would be very difficult to wash out.  I will not breathe further life into a malicious lie by discussing it. TYWIN stands, offended. He pours himself more wine.  Lie or not, you must admit many people find it quite convincing. Convincing enough to put swords in their hands and send them off to kill Lannisters and Tyrells thanks to our new affiliation.  I don't care what people believe. And neither do you. OLENNA refuses TYWIN's offer for more wine.  As an authority on myself, I must disagree.  Now, if the rumors about my children were true, then Joffrey is no king at all and House Tyrell is throwing its prized flower into the dirt.  And if Cersei is too old to give Loras children, we're throwing another prized flower into the dirt. It is a chance we simply cannot take.  The uncertainty makes you uncomfortable. All right. I'll remove it for you. TYWIN sits back down at his desk.  If you refuse to marry Loras to Cersei, I will name him to the Kingsguard. I'm sure you're familiar with the Kingsguard vows. He will never marry. He will never have children.  Oh  The Tyrell name will fade. And Highgarden will go to the children of Joffrey and Margaery.  You would have your grandson protected by someone who disgusts you?  I would have my grandson protected by a skilled warrior who takes his vows seriously. So, shall I draw up the order? Or do you consent to this marriage? TYWIN takes up a quill and prepares to write. OLENNA stands, and takes the quill from his hand.  It's a rare enough thing-- a man who lives up to his reputation. OLENNA snaps the quill. The weather has worsened for the climbers. They shout to be heard over the howling winds. Each blow of the axe takes great strength to penetrate the ice. YGRITTE buries her axe in the wall, but a great crack opens across it. The ice wall cracks and pops to her right as the fissure travels across it. Suddenly, a huge swath of the wall gives way, taking three wildlings with it. They scream amidst the roar.  No! ORELL digs his axe deep into the wall. TORMUND does the same, bracing himself in a wide stance. The wall under YGRITTE and JON gives way and they falls amid an avalanche of ice and snow.  (screams) TORMUND prepares for the force of their fall on the rope that tethers them together.  (grunts)  (screams)  (screams) ORELL loses his grip on the wall. He dangles, trying to gain purchase with his climbing axe. TORMUND holds on as best he can.  (grunts)  We've gotta cut them loose!  No! ORELL unsheathes his knife and begins to saw at the rope that connects him to YGRITTE and JON. They hang and dangle helplessly far from the wall, swinging back and forth. ORELL continues to cut through the rope. JON finally swings far enough to plant his axe in solid ice. At the same moment, ORELL cuts through the rope and YGRITTE plummets, limbs spinning. Her fall halts when the rope to JON goes taught.  (grunts)  (screams)  (grunts)  (screams) Jon tries to quiet the rope beneath him. YGRITTE hacks her axe into the wall. She climbs up to JON. He reaches out his hand.  Take my hand! They strain to connect, then clasp hands. JON pulls YGRITTE up to safety. They embrace, panting and exhausted. JON looks up to the sneering ORELL. They all begin to climb again. SANSA and LORAS sit by a garden pool.  That's a wonderful pin.  Oh, it's more of a brooch, really. Though I suppose a brooch is a sort of pin, so  I'm very happy about  Uh, yes. I-I am as well.  I feel like I'm in a dream.  Yes, me, too. Definitely. I've dreamed of a large wedding since I was quite young. The guests, the food, the tournaments. And the bride, of course. The most beautiful bride in the world in a beautiful gown of gold and green brocade with fringed sleeves. Have you ever been to Highgarden, my lady?  No. I had never left Winterfell before I came to King's Landing. But it sounds wonderful. I can't wait to see it. And to leave this place.  It's terrible, isn't it? The most terrible place there is. LORAS stands and takes Sansa's hand to lead her away TYRION and CERSEI watch SANSA and LORAS from afar.  I don't suppose there's anything we can do about this.  We can have them both killed.  It's hard to say which of the four of us is getting the worst of this arrangement. Probably Sansa. Though Loras will certainly come to know a deep and singular misery.  Father doesn't discriminate. We're all being shipped off to hell together. They move inside and CERSEI sits.  On a boat you built.  The Tyrells were plotting to undermine our family. I did what I did to protect our family.  I'm your family. A member of your family who has actively contributed to that family's survival. Whether or not you or Father or anyone else wants to admit it.  I do admit it. If it weren't for your trick with the wildfire, Stannis would have sacked the city before Father got here. Our heads would still be rotting on the city gate.  Trying to have me killed is an odd way of saying thank you. There are two people in King's Landing who can give an order to a Kingsguard. Did you or did you not order Ser Mandon to kill me during the Battle of the Blackwater? Cersei doesn't answer.  The impulse I understand. He hates me because I'm the only one who tells him what he really is. So, fair enough. He wants me dead. But his stupidity? He could have had me poisoned and no one would have known. But the king orders a Kingsguard to murder the Hand of the King in full view of his own army. The boy's an idiot.  What do you want me to say?  I want you to tell me if my life is still in danger.  Probably. But not from Joffrey. He won't do anything now Father's here.  Seven kingdoms united in fear of Tywin Lannister.  Not the Tyrells. Soon they won't need to be afraid of him. Joffrey will belong to Margaery, the little doe-eyed whore. And so will his children and their children. History will be taken from our hands.  You may escape, at least. Once Jaime gets back, Ser Loras may come down with a terrible case of sword through bowels.  When Jaime gets back, yes. But when do we think that's going to be? He's out there somewhere.  Jaime or not, I'm truly fucked.  Who's going to tell her? SHAE helps SANSA with her dress.  Do you think people will like it?  I don't think they will even notice it.  You're right. It's not my wedding. Anyway, from what I can tell, the dressmakers in Highgarden will be far superior to the ones in King's Landing. They'd never make me anything as dull as this for my wedding. Loras likes green and gold brocade.  I'm sure he does.  Will they let me invite my family?  They haven't asked my opinion.  But do you think they will?  No. The door opens.  Lady Sansa, Lord Tyrion to see you. Should I-- TYRION enters, catching SANSA partially dressed.  I beg your pardon, my lady. SHAE helps SANSA to recover her decency.  Good afternoon, Lord Tyrion. I was just trying on a gown for King Joffrey's wedding.  Yes, it should be quite a wedding. I need to speak with you, Lady Sansa.  Of course.  Alone, if I may.  Why do you need to speak to her alone?  Shae. Please excuse her, Lord Tyrion. She's not from here. But I trust her, even though she tells me not to.  Sometimes we think we want to hear something and it's only afterwards when it's too late that we realize we wished we'd heard it under entirely different circumstances.  It's all right, really. TYRION closes the door.  How to begin? It's-- this-- this-- this is awkward. VARYS and LITTLEFINGER look at the Iron Throne.  1000 blades taken from the hands of Aegon's fallen enemies, forged in the fiery breath of Balerion the Dread.  There aren't There aren't even 200. I've counted.  Ha, I'm sure you have. Ugly old thing. Yet it has a certain appeal. The Lysa Arryn of chairs. Shame you had to settle for your second choice.  Early days, my friend. It is flattering, really you feeling such dread at the prospect of me getting what I want.  Thwarting you has never been my primary ambition, I promise you. Although who doesn't like to see their friends fail now and then?  You're so right. For instance, when I thwarted your plan to give Sansa Stark to the Tyrells. If I'm going to be honest, I did feel an unmistakable sense of enjoyment there. But your confidant, the one who fed you information about my plans, the one you swore to protect, you didn't bring her any enjoyment. And she didn't bring me any enjoyment. She was a bad investment on my part. Luckily, I have a friend who wanted to try something new. Something daring. And he was so grateful to me for providing this fresh experience.  I did what I did for the good of the realm.  The realm? Do you know what the realm is? It's the thousand blades of Aegon's enemies. A story we agree to tell each other over and over till we forget that it's a lie.  But what do we have left once we abandon the lie? Chaos. A gaping pit waiting to swallow us all.  Chaos isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder. Joffrey sits pensively with his crossbow. He stands and walks out, past the bloodied corpse of Ros. Her hands are tied above her head, and she is pierced by multiple crossbow bolts.  (voice over) Many who try to climb it fail and never get to try again. The fall breaks them. Sansa and Shae watch a boat sail away from King's Landing. Sansa weeps hopelessly. Shae is sad, but resolute.  (voice over) And some are given a chance to climb, but they refuse. They cling to the realm or the gods or love. Illusions. Only the ladder is real. The climb is all there is. YGRITTE pulls herself over the lip of the wall, exhausted. TORMUND and ORELL have already crested. TORMUND pulls up more supplies while ORELL looks through their provisions. YGRITTE doesn't have the strength to stand. JON pulls himself up as well, and collapses beside her. Above them, the sun breaks through the clouds. YGRITTE and JON prop themselves up and look across the northlands. It is beautiful. JON stands and helps YGRITTE up. The sun lights up the wall. JON leads YGRITTE to look at the southern side of the wall. The land is green and lush. They embrace and kiss. Just south of the wall, the wildlings march across the green expanse of the North.  How far are we?  About a week, I think.  You think? You don't know?  When we went to Castle Black, we took the kingsroad. JON and YGRITTE sit. She adjusts her boots.  You and your roads. Is that how you lot do your fighting? You march down the road banging drums and waving banners?  Most of the time, yes.  How do the men holding the banners fight?  They don't, really. It's a great honor to carry your house sigil.  And the drummers-- is that a great honor, too?  Usually it's the young boys banging the drums.  So what good are they?  They help the men march.  How?  Well, it's-- it's the rhythm. YGRITTE stands up and play-acts a silly march.  Oh, you mean right foot, left foot, right foot, left foot, right foot? You need help remembering that? When Mance gives the signal and we hit Castle Black, we won't be banging on drums to let them know we're coming.  No. No, you're just gonna light the biggest fire the North has ever seen to let them know you're coming.  You know nothing, Jon Snow. YGRITTE leaves and ORELL catches up with JON.  She's right, you don't.  I know you cut me loose on the Wall.  Cut her loose, too. Do you see her sulking about it? That's because she understands the way things are.  And are you gonna share it with me? The deep wisdom you found inside the head of a bird?  People work together when it suits them. They're loyal when it suits them. They love each other when it suits them. And they kill each other when it suits them. She knows that, you don't. Which is why you'll never hold onto her. ORELL continues on. JON follows behind. A thunderstorm roils outside of Riverrun. TALISA dries ROBB's hair with a towel. CATELYN and EDMURE sit at the map table. BRYNDEN enters.  That rain will cost us another day.  Frey will wait. He knows we're coming.  Lord Walder is prickly by nature.  Prickly? That what you call it? Might be the least pleasant man I've ever met.  Yes, and that is why--  I've seen wet shits I liked better than Walder Frey. Apologies, Your Grace. Spent too many years around lancers and pikemen.  I've spent the last two years nursing wounded men, watching them bleed and die. I'm not afraid of wet shits.  (laughs)  Lord Frey will take this delay as a slight.  He can take it as he likes. He's getting the wedding he wanted.  He's getting a wedding. It was a king he wanted.  Edmure is the best match a Frey has had in the history of their house. We should all get some sleep. BRYNDEN, CATELYN and EDMURE leave. ROBB and TALISA kiss. CATELYN turns back to watch before she exits. TALISSA and ROBB are wrapped around one another, panting, glowing with sweat, and kissing intimately. They smile. ROBB stands and dons a robe. TALISA watches him, amorously.  If you don't put some clothes on, I can't promise I won't attack you again.  Attack. Attack. ROBB sits at the war table. TALISA pulls a writing board onto the bed.  Who are you writing?  My mother.  Is that Valyrian?  Gaaa.  Gaaa? (sighs) Say hello for me.  Rytsas.  'Ritsas.'  That was close enough.  Does she know her daughter's a queen?  Not yet.  That will be a surprise, I expect.  Many surprises for her.  How am I supposed to sit here planning a war when you're over there looking like that?  Will you come with me one day to Volantis? When all this is over?  I will.  I promise. I know she'd love to meet you. And her grandchild.  What, now? Are you certain? ROBB stands.  Are you angry with me? ROBB caresses her face. She grabs hold.  Angry? You're my queen.  And I have your little prince or princess inside me.  Maybe one of each.  Don't get greedy. TALISA kisses ROBB's hand.  Can you leave the war for one night?  I love you. Do you hear me? I love you. Robb and Talisa kiss and fall into bed. Rain pours down as ROBB's men busy themselves with the chores of the night. The wildlings rest in the woods from their long march.  Most men fuck like dogs. TORMUND demonstrates for JON with pelvic thrusts into his pack. YGRITTE sits nearby, disapproving.  No grace, no skill. A few dozen thrusts and done. You need to be patient. Give her time. Your cock shouldn't go near her till she's slick as a baby seal. And then you go inside, but slowly. Don't jam it in like you're spearing a pig. (laughts) Come on! Hey, come on. Tormund gives Jon a playful jab and walks off. JON gets up and follows, along with YGRITTE and ORELL. The wildings march.  You think he loves you, is that it? What did he tell you? He's gonna make you his lady and live with you in some castle?  No, he didn't tell me anything. He barely talks.  I've seen you two whispering in the night, giggling like a pair of girls.  What, you're jealous?  Of course I'm jealous. You should be with one of your own.  And you're one of my own? I've never heard a kind word from your mouth. ORELL stops her.  You would if you were mine. I'd tell you that you're beautiful and fierce and wild. I'd be good to you. You love him?  (nods)  'Cause he's pretty? Is that it? You like his pretty hair and his pretty eyes? You think pretty is gonna make you happy? YGRITTE tries to walk, but ORELL stops her.  Don't touch me.  You won't love him so much when you find out what he really is. ORELL walks away, and YGRITTE takes measure of him.  Growing up at Winterfell, all I ever wanted was to escape, to come here to the capital. See the southern knights and their painted armor and King's Landing after dark-- all the candles burning in all those windows. I'm stupid. A stupid little girl with stupid dreams who never learns.  Come on. Come walk with me. Margaery and Sansa stand and walk  I remember the first time I saw you in the throne room. I'd never seen anyone who looked so unhappy. I want very much for you to be happy, Sansa, and so does my grandmother. MARGAERY picks a rose.  You would have been happy at Highgarden. But women in our position must make the best of our circumstances.  How do I make the best of my circumstances? I have to marry him. MARGAERY hands the rose to SANSA.  Has Lord Tyrion mistreated you?  No. They walk.  Has he been kind to you?  He's tried.  You don't want him, though.  He's a Lannister.  Far from the worst Lannister, wouldn't you say?  I'm sorry. Here I am complaining to you.  My son will be king Sons learn from their mothers. I plan to teach mine a great deal. And your son, if I'm not mistaken, your son might be the Lord of Casterly Rock and the North someday. What?  My son with him. I'll have to-- we'll have to--  If it's the pain you're worried about--  I'm not afraid of the pain. Not after what Joffrey's done to me.  What is it, then? He's rather good-looking even with the scar. Especially with the scar.  He's a dwarf. And Loras-- Loras.  Some women like tall men. Some like short men. Some like hairy men. Some like bald men. Gentle men, rough men, ugly men, pretty men, pretty girls. Most women don't know what they like until they've tried it. And, sadly, so many of us get to try so little before we're old and gray. Tyrion may surprise you. From what I've heard, he's quite experienced.  And that's a good thing?  It can be. We're very complicated, you know. Pleasing us takes practice.  How do you know all this? Did your mother teach you? MARGAERY takes SANSA's arm.  Yes, sweet girl. My mother taught me. TYRION and BRONN sit, drinking wine.  She's a child.  She's a foot taller than you.  A tall child.  What's the youngest you've ever had?  Not that young.  How much older?  Older.  You're a lord, she's a lady. And a beauty at that. I don't see the problem.  Shae isn't going to like it.  Shae is a whore. Are you gonna marry her? Eh? How did marrying a whore work out for you the first time?  I should never have told you about that.  You want Shae, keep her. Wed one and bed the other. All you have to do is get a son in the Stark girl. He'll be Lord of Winterfell one day. You can rule the North in his name. You'll have two women and a whole kingdom of your own.  Two women to despise me and a whole kingdom to join them. BRONN pours more wine for them both.  You waste time trying to get people to love you, you'll end up the most popular dead man in town. (chuckles) You want to fuck that Stark girl. You just don't want to admit it.  I don't pay you to put evil notions in my head. The ones already there don't need company.  You pay me to kill people who bother you. Evil notions come free. BRONN stands and grabs another pitcher of wine. TYWIN enters the vast throne room. JOFFREY sits on the Iron Throne.  Your Grace.  Grandfather.  You wanted to speak to me?  Yes. I'd like a report on the meetings of my small council.  You're welcome to attend the meetings of your small council, Your Grace. Any or all of them.  I've been very busy. Many important matters require a king's attention.  Of course.  You've been holding the council meetings in the Tower of the Hand instead of the small council chamber.  I have, yes.  May I ask why?  The Tower of the Hand is where I work. To walk from there to here would take time, time I could otherwise spend productively.  So if I wanted to attend a council meeting, I would now have to climb all the stairs in the Tower of the Hand? TYWIN approaches and stands over JOFFREY.  We could arrange to have you carried.  Tell me about the Targaryen girl in the east and her dragons.  Where did you hear about this?  Is it true?  Apparently so.  Don't you think we ought to do something about it?  When I was Hand of the King under your father's predecessor, the skulls of all the Targaryen dragons were kept in this room. The skull of the last of them was right here. It was the size of an apple.  And the biggest was the size of a carriage.  Yes, and the creature to whom it belonged died 300 years ago. Curiosities on the far side of the world are no threat to us.  But how do we know these dragons are just curiosities and not the beasts that brought the whole world to heel?  Because we have been told as much by the many experts who serve the realm by counseling the king on matters about which he knows nothing.  But I haven't been counseled.  You are being counseled at this very moment.  I should be consulted about such things.  From now on, I will see to it that you are appropriately consulted on important matters whenever necessary. Your Grace. TYWIN bows and walks away. JOFFREY ponders. DAENERYS, JORAH, BARRISTAN and GREY WORM walk across the rocky and arid landscape. An impressive cities lies in the distance among the mountains.  Yunkai. The Yellow City.  The Yunkish train bed slaves, not soldiers. We can defeat them.  On the field, with ease. But they won't meet us on the field. They have provisions, patience, and strong walls. If they're wise, they'll hide behind those walls and chip away at us, man by man.  I don't want half my army killed before I've crossed the Narrow Sea.  We don't need Yunkai, khaleesi. Taking this city will not bring you any closer to Westeros or the Iron Throne.  How many slaves are there in Yunkai?  200,000 if not more.  Then we have 200,000 reasons to take the city.  (speaks Valyrian) Send a man to the city gates. Tell the slavers I will receive them here, and accept their surrender. Otherwise, Yunkai will suffer the same fate as Astapor. GREY WORM: (nods) GREY WORM turns and exits. The Unsullied come to attention. Led by a drummer and flanked by guards, a brightly colored palaquin carrying RADZAI MO ERAZ passes through. He surveys the Unsullied who speckle the rough landscape. The chains of the slaves who bear his load rattle as they walk. More slaves bear ornate chests as they walk. They reach the camp where DAENERYS waits to receive them, with BARRISTAN, JORAH and her dragons at her side. The slaves lower the palaquin. RADZAI MO ERAZ steps out and is greeted by MISSANDEI.  Now comes the noble Razdal mo Eraz of that ancient and honorable house, master of men and speaker to savages, to offer terms of peace. The dragons screech in warning as Razdal mo Eraz approaches nervously.  Noble lord, you are in the presence of Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains, and Mother of Dragons.  You may approach. Sit. A Dothraki woman presents a chair for RADZAI MO ERAZ, and he sits.  Will the noble lord take refreshment?  (nods) MISSANDEI pours him some wine. RADZAI MO ERAZ drinks, never taking his eyes from DAENERYS.  Ancient and glorious is Yunkai. Our empire was old before dragons stirred in old Valyria. Many an army has broken against our walls. You shall find no easy conquest here, khaleesi. DAENERYS tosses a raw steak in the air. The three dragons launch after it, screeching as they jockey and circle in flight. RADZAI MO ERAZ recoils in trepidation.  Good. My Unsullied need practice. I was told to blood them early.  If blood is your desire, blood shall flow. But why? 'Tis true you have committed savageries in Astapor. But the Yunkai are a forgiving and generous people. He claps twice to signal his slaves. They bring forth the two chests.  The wise masters of Yunkai have sent a gift for the silver queen. The slaves place the chests before DAENERYS and open their lids. The chests are filled with gold ingots. The slaves retreat and bow deeply before her in reverence.  There is far more than this awaiting you on the deck of your ship.  My ship?  Yes, khaleesi. As I said, we are a generous people. You shall have as many ships as you require.  And what do you ask in return?  All we ask is that you make use of these ships. Sail them back to Westeros where you belong and leave us to conduct our affairs in peace.  I have a gift for you as well. Your life.  My life?  And the lives of your wise masters. But I also want something in return. You will release every slave in Yunkai. Every man, woman, and child shall be given as much food, clothing, and property as they can carry as payment for their years of servitude. Reject this gift, and I shall show you no mercy.  You are mad. We are not Astapor or Qarth. We are Yunkai and we have powerful friends. Friends who would take great pleasure in destroying you. Those who survive, we shall enslave once more. Perhaps we'll make a slave of you as well. RADZAI MO ERAZ stands quickly. Drogon screeches angrily from his perch in warning.  You swore me safe conduct.  I did, but my dragons made no promises. And you threatened their mother.  Take the gold. The slaves rise and cautiously approach the open chests. The dragons refuse their approach with aggressive screeching. The slaves retreat in fear.  My gold. You gave it to me, remember? And I shall put it to good use. You'd be wise to do the same with my gift to you. Now get out.  (speaks Valerian) RADZAI MO ERAZ turns and stomps off.  The Yunkish are a proud people. They will not bend.  And what happens to things that don't bend? He said he had powerful friends. Who was he talking about?  I don't know.  Find out. JORAH nods and exits. Drogon hops next to DAENERYS and she strokes the dragon. He purrs. SHAE fondles a woven gold necklace in a beautiful inlaid wooden box.  Chains?  Solid gold from the mines outside Lannisport. Smithed in Casterly Rock.  Golden chains.  You could buy a ship with these.  Do I need a ship?  What?  Am I going somewhere?  Of course you're not going anywhere.  So, am I invited to your wedding?  I didn't ask for this marriage. I didn't want it.  No? She's a beautiful girl. You said so yourself.  That doesn't mean that--this is duty, not desire.  Is that what you will tell yourself when you fuck her?  I don't have a choice. My father--  Does not rule the world. We can still go across the Narrow Sea.  What would I do there? Juggle? I am a Lannister of Casterly Rock.  And I'm Shae the funny whore.  My feelings for you have not changed. I will marry Sansa Stark and do my duty by her.  While I empty her chamber pot and lick your cock when you're bored?  I swear to you it will not be like that.  No? What will it be like?  I will buy you a good home somewhere in the city. You will have fine clothes, guards to keep you safe, servants. Any children we might have will be well provided for.  Children? You think I want children who can never see their father? Who would be killed in their sleep if their grandfather found out about them? TYRION moves closer to SHAE and takes her hand.  Listen. Listen to me, my lady.  I'm not your lady.  You are. You'll always be my lady.  I'm your whore. And when you are tired of fucking me, I will be nothing. SHAE pushes away TYRION's hand and exits. A two masted ship sails amongst wreckage of sunken ships. MELISANDRE and GENDRY walk its deck.  What happened?  Wildfire. I should have been here.  After all the running and fighting, here I am, back where I started.  Do you miss it?  King's Landing?  Your father's house.  Never had a father. Never wanted one.  Haven't you ever wondered where your strength came from? Your talent for fighting?  I'm lowborn. As low as can be. My mother was a tavern wench.  Mine was a slave. So was I. Bought and sold, scourged and branded, until the Lord of Light reached down, took me in his hand and raised me up.  I was born in Flea Bottom.  Your blood is noble.  Are you saying my father, he was some lord or  There. Your father's house.  I'm just a bastard.  The bastard of Robert of the House Baratheon, First of His Name, King of the Andals and the First Men. Why do you think the gold cloaks wanted you? There is power in a king's blood.  Come sit by the fire, child. ARYA doesn't answer. She sits curled on a rock.  Not talking, eh? That's a first.  I don't talk to traitors.  I didn't like giving up the boy.  But you did. You took the gold and you gave him up.  The Red God is the one true god. You've seen his power. When he commands, we obey.  He's not my one true god.  No? Who's yours?  Death. Men chatter and cough as they enter the cavern, led by ANGUY.  Spotted a Lannister raiding party.  How many?  No more than 20.  How far?  Less than a day's ride south.  (nods)  What do you say, boys? Time for a lion hunt?  Yeah!  But what about Riverrun? It's not south. It's west of here.  It will still be west of here two days from now.  You swore.  To take you home, and I will. But we need to do this first.  Why? So you can steal their gold?  I swear to you, this isn't--  I don't care what you swear because you're a liar. You lied to Gendry, you lied to me. You'll lie to anyone. I hope the Lannisters kill you all.  One day you'll understand, but now-- ARYA runs off.  Anguy, bring her back.  Come back, girl! Arya runs through the woods. She crosses a stream and keeps running. She crouches in the woods, looking back at the Brotherhood's torches. She takes flight again, and is grabbed by the HOUND.  Kick all you like, wolf girl. Won't do you no good. He carries her off into the darkness. BRIENNE sits in a shaft of moonlight. The door opens, and JAIME enters.  I thought you were gone.  Tomorrow.  Have they told you what they plan to do with me?  Lord Bolton's traveling tomorrow as well. He's going to the Twins for Edmure Tully's wedding. You're to remain here.  With Locke?  I owe you a debt.  When Catelyn Stark released you, we both made a promise to her. Now it's your promise. You gave your word. Keep it and consider the debt paid.  (nods) I will return the Stark girls to their mother. I swear it.  Good-bye, Ser Jaime. JAIME exits. The courtyard is busy as the men ready to depart. JAIME struggles to saddle his horse one handed.  Here. Let me. QYBURN buckles the saddle for JAIME  It will take time.  (nods) QYBURN exits and ROOSE BOLTON approaches.  Qyburn hopes your father will force the Citadel to give him back his chain. JAIME mounts his horse.  My father will make him Grand Maester if he grows me a new hand. Roose BOLTON: You will give my regards to Lord Tywin, I trust?  (nods) Tell Robb Stark I'm sorry I couldn't make his uncle's wedding. The Lannisters send their regards. JAIME and QYBURN ride away. Theypasses LOCKE.  Safe journey, Kingslayer. Nothing to say? I liked you better before. I don't remember chopping your balls off, too. And don't you worry about your friend. We'll take good care of her. MYRANDA and VIOLET remove THEON's restraints and help him down from the cross.  Shh.  (groans) MYRANDA removes THEON's hood. VIOLET holds a cup of water to his lips, and helps him drink. He grabs the cup desperately and spills its contents in his mouth.  Gentle, my lord. Gentle. VIOLET strokes and soothes THEON's forehead. MYRANDA kneels next to him and applies a salve to his forehead. THEON squirms.  (coughs)  Shh shh shh. Myranda knows what she's doing. Let her. She trained as a septa, only (giggles) she had other urges.  So did the septons, only they lied about it. VIOLET and MYRANDA fondle THEON's bare chest. THEON is suspicious.  Where is he?  Who, my lord?  There's no one here but you, me, and Violet. VIOLET and MYRANDA continue to caress THEON. VIOLET slides her hands under THEON's trousers. He grabs her hand to stop her.  Please.  Don't you want us to see it?  Oh, come on. Let us see it. Everybody talks about it.  He sent you.  Who sent us?  We sent ourselves, Lord Greyjoy.  We heard so much about it. (giggles)  Please.  Oh! There it is. She is disapointed that THEON is flaccid.  Oh. Do you think we're ugly? He thinks we're ugly.  Well, he's been through so much. Look at his poor face.  Help me. If he comes back  We need to make him feel better.  And how can we make him feel better?  I have an idea. VIOLET stands and comes to MYRANDA. She pulls away the lacing of MYRANDA's dress until it peels away. She helps the dress to the ground. THEON is excited but disbelieving.  Oh, she's shy. You know how they are, these religious girls.  Maybe he doesn't know how we are. MYRANDA straddles THEON and undulates on top of him. VIOLET kisses his forhead.  Oh. I felt something. Oh, Lord Greyjoy.  As good as they say?  Mmm. MYRANDA's breath quickens as she rubs across the length of him. THEON holds onto her, joining into her rhythm  And why should you get all the fun? VIOLET shrugs off her own gown. THEON is entranced. MYRANDA grabs his face and pulls his attention back to her.  What? You like her better? MYRANDA kisses THEON. VIOLET kneels beside them and grabs hold of THEON.  Plenty there for both of us.  I was here first.  (moaning) RAMSAY's horn blares from across the room, startling THEON. VIOLET and MYRANDA retreat and RAMSAY walks out of the shadows.  I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Terrible timing.  (cries)  But I was getting jealous. Ramsay stands in front of the naked VIOLET and MYRANDA, who sway innocently behind him.  Well? Should we see this cock everyone's always going on about? THEON leaps up in a clumsy attempt to flee. RAMSAY backhands him, and THEON falls to the ground, helpless and weak. RAMSAY tosses away the horn and wraps his arms around the naked women as they flank him.  Everyone knows you love girls. I bet you always thought they loved you back. RAMSAY cups their naked asses. He steps forward and draws a knife. THEON struggles to crawl away, but his arms and legs are useless from his days bound to the cross.  Your famous cock must be very precious to you. Would you say it's your most precious part? RAMSAY whistles and two guards come forth.  Please. No. No! Mercy, please! Please, mercy! Mercy!  This is mercy. I'm not killing you. Just making a few alterations. The guards hold THEON down while RAMSAY sets to him with the knife.  No! No! No! Please, no! No! No! No, please! Please! YIGRITTE and JON crouch behind a rock. She has her bow at the ready, hunting a nearby deer.  You're gonna scare it off.  I'm not gonna scare it. I'm gonna kill it.  It's too far away.  (smiles) YGRITTE draws her bow. The wildling party is on the march. Two of them carry the deer that YGRITTE killed. In the near distance, YGRITTE spies a decrepit windmill.  Is that a palace?  It's a windmill.  Windmill. Who built it? Some king?  Just the men who used to live here.  They must have been great builders, stacking stones so high.  Winterfell has towers three times that size.  'I'm Jon Snow and I'm from Winterfell. My daddy was a fancy lord and I lived in a tower that touched the clouds.'  If you're impressed by a windmill, you'd be swooning if you saw the Great Keep at Winterfell.  What's swooning?  Fainting.  What's fainting?  When a girl sees blood and collapses.  Why would a girl see blood and collapse?  Well not all girls are like you.  Well, girls see more blood than boys. Or do you like girls who swoon, Jon Snow? (gasps) Oh, a spider! Save me, Jon Snow. She falls backwards into his arms, smiling.  My dress is made of the purest silk from Tralalalaleeday.  I'd like to see you in a silk dress. She punches him playfully.  Would you? He grabs her.  So I could tear it off you.  Well, you rip my pretty silk dress, I'll blacken your eye.  Maybe one day I'll take you to Winterfell.  Or maybe one day I'll take you there. After we've taken our land back.  Ygritte. You won't win. I know your people are brave, no one denies that.  You know nothing--  Six times in the last thousand years, a King has attacked the kingdoms. Six times they failed.  And how do you know that?  Every boy in the North knows it. We grow up learning it. Where the battles were fought, the names of the heroes, who died where. Six times you've invaded and six times you've failed. The seventh will be the same.  Mance is different.  You don't have the discipline. You don't have the training. Your army is no army. You don't know how to fight together.  You don't know that.  I do. I know it. If you attack the Wall, you'll die. All of you.  All of us. Ygritte kissed Jon, hungrily.  You're mine as I'm yours. And if we die, we die. But first we'll live.  Yes, first we'll live. They kiss again. MEERA walks into camp, carrying the rabbit she has caught. OSHA and HODOR sets up the tent while RICKON sleeps next to them. BRAN and JOJEN sit talking nearby.  What's he going on about? And how come he always gets to sit and chat while we do all the work?  Hodor.  That's where we are. OSHA walks over to confront JOJEN.  What are you telling him?  It's all right, Osha.  It's not all right. You think I can't hear you every day? Filling his head with black magic. Talking about visions and three-eyed ravens and worse.  Leave him alone.  He can speak for himself.  I don't fill his head with anything.  So what do you talk about?  What's happening to him and what that means.  Go on, then. Tell us what it means.  It's not like that. I wish I could tell him all the answers. It would be much easier.  I don't want you talking to him anymore. Until we get to your brother at Castle Black. OSHA starts to walk away.  We're not going to Castle Black.  What did you say?  I told you already. Jon Snow isn't there. Bran needs to find the raven beyond the Wall.  Oh, no. I'm not going back there. Your brother is at Castle Black. That's where we're going. Look at me. OSHA kneels next to BRAN.  The raven's been coming to me ever since I fell from that tower. He wants me to find him. I don't have my legs anymore. This is what I have now.  You have a family. You need to go back to Castle Black so you can get back to them where you belong.  What if I belong in the North? What if I fell from that tower for a reason?  Is that what he's telling you? That it's all for a reason? All these bad things happened because the gods got big plans for you? I wish it were true, little lord. But the gods wouldn't spare a raven's cold shit for you or me or anyone.  You don't understand. You don't know. OSHA stands, agitated.  You don't know. None of you know. None of you have been up there. I had a man once. A good man. Bruni, his name was. I was his and he was mine. But one night Bruni disappears. People said he left me, but I knew him. He'd never leave me. Not for long. OSHA sits.  I knew he'd come back. And he did. He came in through the back of the hut. Only it wasn't Bruni. Not really. His skin was pale like a dead man's. His eyes bluer than clear sky. He came at me, grabbed me by the neck and squeezed so hard I could feel the life slipping out of me. I don't know how I got the knife. When I did, I stuck it deep into his heart. And he hardly seemed to notice. I had to burn our hut down with him inside. I didn't ask the gods what it meant. I didn't need to. I already knew. It meant the North was no place for men to be. Not anymore. I promised your maester I'd get you to Castle Black and no further. OSHA rises and walks off. QYBURN tends to the stump of JAIME's right arm. His wrist is sewn roughly.  How is the pain, my lord?  What's the purpose of an arm with no hand?  Well, we've stymied the corruption.  Yes, we've stymied the corruption. You're a learned man.  All the good it's done me. QYBURN places a salve onto JAIME's healing wound.  You did well sewing up this mess. You're far better at this sort of work than Grand Maester Pycelle.  Faint praise, my lord.  So why did the Citadel take your chain? Did you fondle one boy too many? QYBURN dresses JAIME's wound once more.  No, my lord. That's not my weakness.  What is?  Curiosity. The only way to treat disease is to understand disease. And the only way to understand it is to study the afflicted.  You performed experiments on living men.  On dying men.  With their permission?  My studies have given me insight that has saved many lives.  Dying paupers, I assume. Men with no families to complain. You found them moaning in the poorhouse and had them carted back to your garret and opened up their bellies to see what was inside.  How many men have you killed, my lord?  I don't know.  50? 100?  (shakes his head)  Countless.  Countless has a nice ring to it.  And how many lives have you saved?  Half a million. The population of King's Landing. You were in charge of the ravens at Harrenhal. Did you-- did you get a bird off to Brienne's father in Tarth?  A bird flew off and a bird flew back. Lord Selwyn Tarth offered 300 gold dragons for his daughter's safe return.  A fair offer. JAIME stands. QYBURN packs up his medicines.  A fair offer. Locke won't take it.  Why not?  He's convinced Lord Tarth owns all the sapphire mines in Westeros.  (sighs)  He feels he's being cheated.  They'd be fools to kill her.  These men have been at war a long time. Most of them will be dead by winter. She'll be their entertainment tonight. Beyond tonight, I don't think they care very much. JAIME ponders, and then approaches STEELSHANKS WALTON, who drinks from a wine skin nearby  We have to return to Harrenhal.  Why?  I've left something behind.  Absolutely not. I've got orders from Lord Bolton.  And what are those orders?  To deliver you to your father at King's Landing.  You think you'll get a reward. STEELSHANKS WALTON stands.  I serve Lord Bolton. Any appreciation your father--  You think you're getting a reward. Let me explain something to you. When my father sees me, the first thing he's going to ask is what happened to my hand. And I'm going to tell him this man chopped it off.  I had nothing--  Or I could tell him this man saved my life. We return to Harrenhal now. JAIME and the en ride into the old courtyard. The castle is a ruin around them.  Whoa.  Eyes open, lads. JAIME searches with eyes and ears.  Be quiet. JAIME hears singing in the distance. He dismounts and runs towards the sounds of the crowd. STEELSHANKS WALTON and his men follow.  (singing) The bear, the bear and the maiden fair / From there to here, from here to there All black and brown and covered in hair He smelled that girl in the summer air The bear, the bear, and the maiden fair! Jaime climbs some wooden steps to join the crowd on a viewing platform. The crowd yells and cheers. In a wooden arena, Brienne stands desperate and defensive, brandishing a wooden sword. Her dress is torn and covered in mud. Blood oozes from gashes on her neck and shoulder. An enormous brown bear lumbers and stalks her. The bear roars.  Don't spare her. Don't spare her!  Well, this is one shameful fucking performance. Stop running and fight.  A wooden sword? LOCKE notices that JAIME is in the crowd.  I thought you'd gone. JAIME pushes his way towards LOCKE.  You gave her a wooden sword.  We've only got one bear.  I'll pay her bloody ransom. Gold, sapphires, whatever you want. Just get her out of there.  All you lords and ladies still think that the only thing that matters is gold. LOCKE shoves JAIME.  This makes me happier than all your gold ever could. And that makes me happier than all her sapphires. So go buy yourself a golden hand and fuck yourself with it. The bear rears up before BRIENNE. She tries to hold him off with her wooden sword, but the bear's reach is too long. He takes a powerful swipe and disarms her. BRIENNE staggers backwards. The bear pounces and knocks her to the ground.  Ah! JAIME jumps into the wooden arena, arms flailing. He lands behind her, and startles the bear.  Get behind me.  I will not. He helps BRIENNE up as the bear regroups. JAIME puts himself in front of BRIENNE. The bear regroups, swipes the ground and advances on them. Suddenly, a crossbow bolt pierces the bear's side. He turns his head towards the pain in its shoulder.  What the fuck are you doing to my bear?  Lord Bolton charged me with bringing him back to King's Landing alive and that's what I aim to do. The bear shakes its head back and forth, confused by the pain. JAIME runs to the arena wall and crouches by the wall.  Pull her up. BRIENNE clambers onto JAIME's back. A man in the crowd grabs her outstretched hand. Two men pull her to safety. The bear roars.  Hold my legs. BRIENNE lies over the side of the platform and reaches down. The bear charges at JAIME. STEELSHANKS WALTON fires a bolt that lands wide. JAIME jumps and grabs hold of a beam that juts out of the arena wall and clambers just out of reach of the bear. The bear roars. BRIENNE continues to reach down to JAIME as he tries clumsily to scale the wall. He swings his legs up, gains some leverage and hooks his handless forearm around the beam. He then lurches into BRIENNE's reach.  Pull him up! BRIENNE and the men pull JAIME up to safety. The bear pounds the wall.  The bitch stays. JAIME stands up to confront LOCKE.  We're taking her to King's Landing. Unless you kill me.  She belongs to me. Lord Bolton's orders.  What do you think is more important to Lord Bolton? Getting his pet rat a reward or ensuring Tywin Lannister gets his son back alive? JAIME and LOCKE stand off. LOCKE's men prepare for a fight, but LOCKE relents.  Well, we must be on our way. Sorry about the sapphires. JAIME and BRIENNE push their way through the crowd and walk off. STEELSHANKS WALTON follows. The bear roars. ARYA lies on the ground, eyes open. She gets up quietly, picks up a large rock and creeps towards the sleeping HOUND, step by step. The Hound sleeps peacefully. She raises it over her head to strike. Without moving, he speaks. She freezes.  I'll give you one try, girl. He turns to look at her.  Kill me and you're free. But if I live, I'll break both your hands. Go on, hit me. Hit me hard. The HOUND rides his horse, with ARYA sitting side saddle in front of him. He takes a bite of an apple and then offers to share with ARYA. She looks, but ignores it, so the HOUND takes another bite.  Sulk all you want. The truth is, you're lucky. You don't want to be alone out here, girl. Someone worse than me would find you.  There's no one worse than you.  Ha, you never knew my brother. He once killed a man for snoring. There's plenty worse than me. There's men who like to beat little girls, men who like to rape them. I saved your sister from some of them.  You're lying.  Ask her, if you ever see her again. Ask her who came back for her when the mob had her on her back. They would have taken her every which way and left her there with her throat cut open. They reach a vista with an expansive river.  Is that the Blackwater?  The Blackwater? Where do you think I'm taking you?  Back to King's Landing to Joffrey and the queen.  Fuck Joffrey. Fuck the queen. That's the Red Fork. I'm taking you to the Twins.  But why?  Because your mother and brother will be there and they'll pay me for you.  Why would they be at the Twins?  Those outlaws you love so much never told you? The whole countryside is yapping about it. Your uncle is marrying one of the Frey girls. So quit trying to bash my skull in and we might just make it there in time for the wedding. The HOUND goads his mount, and they continue to ride. Soldiers gallop through the barren landscape outside Yunkai. DAENERYS, JORAH and BARRSITAN watch them from a distance, hidden in a crag. They are wrapped in drab fabrics to manage the heat of the desert.  Men who fight for gold have neither honor nor loyalty. They cannot be trusted.  They can be trusted to kill you if they're well paid. The Yunkish are paying them well.  You know these men?  Only by the broken swords on their banners. They're called the Second Sons. A company led by a Braavosi named Mero, "The Titan's Bastard."  Is he more titan or bastard?  He's a dangerous man, khaleesi. They all are.  How many?  2,000, Your Grace. Armored and mounted.  Enough to make a difference?  (nods)  It's hard to collect wages from a corpse. I'm sure the sellswords prefer to fight for the winning side.  I imagine you're right.  I'd like to talk to the Titan's Bastard about winning.  He may not agree to meet.  He will. A man who fights for gold can't afford to lose to a girl. BARRISTAN stands next to MERO, PRENDAHL and DAARO. DAENERYS sits in front of them with MISSANDEI and GREY WORM stand nearby.  Your Grace, allow me to present the captains of the Second Sons-- Mero of Braavos, Prendahl na Ghezn, and--  Daario Naharis MERO steps forward.  You are the Mother of Dragons? I swear I fucked you once in a pleasure house in Lys.  Mind your tongue. MERO sits on the couch next to DAENERYS. DAARIO and PRENDAHL sit nearby.  Why? I didn't mind hers. She licked my ass like she was born to do it. MERO waggles his tongue suggestively at DAENERYS. She does not react.  (laughs) You, slave girl, bring wine.  We have no slaves here.  You'll all be slaves after the battle unless I save you. Take your clothes off and come and sit on Mero's lap and I may give you my Second Sons.  Give me your Second Sons and I may not have you gelded. Ser Barristan, how many men fight for the Second Sons?  Under 2,000, Your Grace.  We have more, don't we?  10,000 Unsullied. MISSANDEI serves wine to MERO, He toasts DAENERYS and drinks. MISSANDEI serves DAARIO and PRENDAHL.  I'm only a young girl, new to the ways of war, but perhaps a seasoned captain like yourself can explain to me how you propose to defeat us.  I hope the old man is better with a sword than he is with a lie. You have 8,000 Unsullied.  You're very young to be a captain.  He's not a captain. He's a lieutenant.  Even if your numbers are right, you must admit the odds don't favor your side.  The Second Sons have faced worse odds and won.  The Second Sons have faced worse odds and run.  Or you could fight for me. MERO motions for more wine. MISSANDEI obliges.  We've taken the slavers' gold. We fight for Yunkai.  I would pay you as much and more. MERO sniffs MISSNDEI, who jumps back, startled.  Our contract is our bond. If we break our bond, no one will hire the Second Sons again.  Ride with me and you'll never need another contract. You'll have gold and castles and lordships of your choosing when I take back the Seven Kingdoms.  You have no ships. You have no siege weapons. You have no cavalry.  A fortnight ago, I had no army. A year ago, I had no dragons. You have two days to decide.  Show me your cunt. I want to see if it's worth fighting for. Grey WORM: (speaks Valyrian) My Queen, shall I slice out his tongue for you?  (speaks Valyrian) These men are our guests. (Speaks common.) You seem to be enjoying my wine. Perhaps you'd like a flagon to help you ponder.  Only a flagon? And what are my brothers in arms to drink?  A barrel, then. MERO stands. DAARIO and PRENDAHL follow suit. They start to leave.  Good. The Titan's Bastard does not drink alone. In the Second Sons, we share everything. After the battle, maybe we'll all share you. DAARIO and DAENERYS exchange a glance. MERO gives a lecherous look to MISSANDEI as he passes.  I'll come looking for you when this is over. Mero slaps Missandei's rump as he leaves.  Ser Barristan, if it comes to battle, kill that one first.  Gladly, Your Grace. Soldiers help MISSANDEI and GENDRY to exit their ship's boat. GENDRY looks up at the castle. MISSANDEI turns and GENDRY follows. STANIS stands among his maps. MISSANDEI, GENDRY and their accompanying soldiers enter. STANNIS walks over to GENDRY and grabs him by the chin to get. a better look at his face. GENDRY stares back.  Half Robert, half lowborn.  Show the boy to his chambers. Have the maids draw him a bath and find him some decent clothes. I'll come visit you soon. GENDRY exits with the soldiers.  What do you mean to do with him?  You know what I mean to do with him.  Then why bathe him and dress him in fine clothes? If it needs to be done, do it. Don't torture the boy.  Have you ever slaughtered a lamb, my king?  No.  If the lamb sees the knife, she panics. Her panic seeps into her meat, darkens it, fouls the flavor.  You've slaughtered many lambs?  And none have seen the blade. MELISSANDRE exits. DAVOS sits, trying to sound out words by candlelight.  'And tho-- and thowg V-v-visenya Targaryen rod-- rode Vhagar-- Vhag--' Fuck me. 'Visenya Targaryen rode Vhagar, the smallest of the dragons, though still large enog-- enough-- enough to swallow a horse whole. DAVOS smiles, pleased with himself. STANNIS enters and DAVOS rises to meet him. They talk across the bars that imprison DAVOS.  ' Your Grace.  They feeding you enough?  Two meals a day. Cold for breakfast, hot for supper. I cannot complain.  You don't belong in a place like this.  Well, it's sad to say, but I've seen worse.  Yeah.  I'm sorry about your son. Didn't get the chance to tell you before. Good lad. Loyal lad.  (nods)  Melisandre's returned.  I didn't know she'd been gone.  Came back with a bastard boy. Robert's bastard boy.  Why?  She says there's power in king's blood.  She's going to kill him.  Sacrifice him.  Forgive me, Your Grace, I'm not a learned man, but is there a difference between kill and sacrifice? The boy is your nephew.  What of it? We're at war. Why should I spare the son of some tavern slut Robert bedded one drunken night?  Because he has your blood in his veins.  So did Renly.  Renly wronged you. Renly declared himself king when the throne belonged to you. He raised an army, stole your bannermen. This boy has done you no harm. He's an innocent.  How many boys live in Westeros? How many girls? How many men? How many women?The darkness will devour them all, she says. The night that never ends. Unless I triumph. I never asked for this. No more than I asked to be king. We do not choose our destiny, but we must do our duty, no? Great or small, we must do our duty. What's one bastard boy against a kingdom?  Your Grace, why did you come to see me today?  I came to free you. If you swear never to raise your hand to the Lady Melisandre again.  I swear it. I can't swear never to speak against her.  You have little regard for your own life.  Quite little, Your Grace. Verging on none. You could have freed me yesterday or tomorrow, but you came to me now before this boy is put to the knife because you knew I'd counsel restraint. You came to hear me say it because you believe it yourself. You're not a man who slaughters innocents for gain or glory. When my son was five he said to me, 'I don't ever want to die. ' I wanted to say to him, 'You won't, child. You won't ever.' I hated the idea of him lying awake in the dark, afraid. I think mothers and fathers made up the gods because they wanted their children to sleep through the night.  I saw a vision in the flames. A great battle in the snow. I saw it. And you saw whatever she gave birth to. I never believed, but when you see the truth, when it's right there in front of you as real as these iron bars, how can you deny her god is real? The camp of the Second Sons bustles with the work of the day. MERO, DAARIO and PRENDAHL sit in an open tent. MERO fondles the bare-chested WHORE who sits on his lap.  Little dragon bitch. She talks too much.  You talk too much.  She won't talk so much when she's choking on my cock.  8000 unsullied stand between her and your cock.  My cock will find a way. Tell him. Is there any place that my cock can't reach?  She'll tell me whatever you pay her to tell me.  Daario Naharis, the whore who doesn't like whores.  I like them very much. I just refuse to pay them. And I'm no whore, my friend.  She sells her sheath and you sell your blade. What's the difference?  I fight for beauty.  For beauty?  We fight for gold.  The gods gave men two gifts to entertain ourselves before we die-- the thrill of fucking a woman who wants to be fucked and the thrill of killing a man who wants to kill you.  You'll die young.  What do we do about the dragon girl? We can't beat 8,000 Unsullied on the battlefield.  There won't be a battle. And we don't have to deal with her eunuchs. We only have to deal with her.  She's well guarded.  Tonight's a new moon. One of us slips into her camp past her Unsullied and her knights.  Which one of us?  Close your eyes, love. The WHORE stands, and MERO picks up a coin purse. He pours out three coins into his hand.  Three coins. A coin from Meereen, a coin from Volantis, and a coin from Braavos. The Braavosi does the deed. One for each of us, darling. No peeking. MERO hands the coins to the WHORE, spins her around and plants a kiss and a slap on her ass. She blindly feels her way forward to PRENDAHL, who takes a coin. She then fumbles back to MERO, and he takes a coin. She then orients he way to DAARIO.  Do you hear me? Follow my voice. I'm right here. She falls into his lap, laughing.  You have something for me? DAARIO takes the final coin from the WHORE's hand, and holds it up. It is the Braavosi coin.  Valar morghulis. SHAE and two servants help SANSA with the final touches of her make-up. SHAE answers a kock at the door. She is displeased to see TYRION. The two servants leave, and SHAE ignores TYRION as he and PODRICK enter.  Lady Sansa.  You look very handsome, my lord.  Oh, yes. The husband of your dreams. But you do look glorious. Perhaps we could have a moment alone. Do you mind? Podrick, could you escort Lady Stark's handmaiden? SHAE and PODRICK exit. TYRION shuts the door.  My lady, I want you to know I didn't ask for this.  I hope I will not disappoint you, my lord.  No, don't. You don't have to speak to me as a prisoner anymore. You won't be a prisoner after today. You'll be my wife. I suppose that's a different kind of prison. I just wanted to say-- I'm just trying to say very badly-- I just-- just want to say I know how you feel.  I doubt that very much, my lord.  You're right. I have no idea how you feel. And you have no idea how I feel. TYRION takes SANSA's hand, tenderly.  But I promise you one thing, my lady. I won't ever hurt you. Do you drink wine?  When I have to.  Well, today you have to. SANSA smiles. TYRION leads her forward. CERSEI and MARGAERY look on as the sept is prepared for the wedding.  You look radiant, Your Grace.  Radiant? Why radiant?  It's the word that came to mind. MARGAERY takes CERSEI's arm in hers.  We're going to be sisters soon. We should be friends.  You're a musical girl, aren't you? I imagine you have a lovely voice. The begin to descend into the sept.  A better dancer than a singer, I'm afraid.  Ah, but you know the song 'The Rains of Castamere'? They pass LORAS, and stop a bit further along.  Of course. They play it so often here at court.  So you know the story of House Reyne of Castamere?  Not as well as you, I'm sure.  House Reyne was a powerful family. Very wealthy. The second wealthiest in Westeros. Aren't the Tyrells the second wealthiest family in Westeros now?  (nods)  Of course, ambitious climbers don't want to stop on the second highest rung. If only you could take that final step, you'd see further than all the rest. You'd be alone with nothing but blue sky above you. So Lord Reyne built a castle as grand as Casterly Rock. He gave his wife diamonds larger than any my mother ever wore. And finally one day, he rebelled against my father. Do you know where House Reyne is now?  Gone.  Gone. A gentle word. Why not say slaughtered? Every man, woman, and child put to the sword. They continue down the great stairs to the main floor.  I remember seeing their bodies hanging high above the gates of Casterly Rock. My father let them rot up there all summer. It was a long summer. 'And now the rains weep o'er their halls, and not a soul to hear.' They pause. CERSEI looks MARGAERY in the eye and frees her arm.  If you ever call me sister again, I'll have you strangled in your sleep. CERSEI exits. The great doors open to Baelor's Sept. SANSA walks through them, alone. TYRION stands on the stage, watching SANSA enter at the other side of the sept. The crowd quiets. SANSA pauses at the top of the steps. JOFFREY approaches, smirking.  What are you doing?  Your father's gone. As the father of the realm, it is my duty to give you away to your husband. Sansa takes Joffrey's arm. The doors closes. They descend the stairs and walk throufgh the crowd, Sansa and Joffrey apprach Tyrion, passsing Bronn, Margaery, Olenna, Loras, Cersei, Tywin, Pycelle, and reach TYRION and the HIGH SEPTON. JOFFREY reaches down and takes TYRION's step stool, and noisily joins CERSEI and TYWIN. TYRION fumes.  You may now cloak the bride and bring her under your protection. SANSA turns her back to TYRION. He attempts to cloak Sansa, but he is too short. Joffrey snickers and some in the crowd join in. TYWIN quiets their rudeness with a look.  Could you- SANSA kneels for TYRION. He places the cloak on her shoulders, and she accepts it. She rises  Thank you.  Your Grace, Your Grace, my lords, my ladies, we stand here in the sight of gods and men to witness the union of man and wife. One flesh, one heart, one soul, now and forever. GENDRY paces nervously in his chambers. The door opens noisily, and MELISANDRE enters, holding an ornate box.  Have you ever seen one like it?  I've never seen anything like any of this. Not in my life.  It's shocking, isn't it, the first time you encounter real wealth? When I was your age, I lived on one bowl of stew a day. And stew is a kind word for it. MELISANDRE lights a stick and uses it to ignite some more candles.  In Flea Bottom we called them bowls of brown. We'd pretend that the meat in them was chicken. We knew it wasn't chicken. Melisandre hands a chalice of wine to Gendry.  Here, taste this. GENDRY stands motionless, refusing the wine.  You think I'm trying to poison you? MELISANDRE takes a deep drink. The GENDRY takes the wine from MELISANDRE, and drinks, thirstily.  That's good. He nearly finished it in two drinkd.  That's really good.  Where do you think it's from?  I couldn't even guess.  Doesn't matter, does it? It's the real thing or it's not. You only need a tongue to tell the difference. Go on, have some more. You still don't trust it. You think this is all a mistake and that you'll have to pay somehow for every bite you take.  That thought had crossed my mind, yeah. MELISANDRE strokes GENDRY's cheek.  There are no mistakes. Not for us.  I'm a mistake. I'm only here because my father grabbed my mother instead of the girl next to her in the tavern. MELISANDRE takes a sip of wine. As she speaks, she caresses GENDRY and begins to undress him.  Your father chose your mother because the Lord of Light willed it. He willed it so you could be here right now with a power inside you you can't even begin to understand. And He brought me here to draw it from you and birth it into the world. We're both a part of His plan. He wants this for us. No, He demands this of us. MELISANDRE removes GENDRY's shirt.  I don't understand. This-- this doesn't seem very religious. MELISANDRE fondles GENDRY's midriff.  According to whom? The Silent Sisters? With their stern looks, muzzled mouths, and dried-up cunts? What have their gods done for you? Hmm? When you pray to them, what's their answer? A god is real or he's not. You only need eyes to see. MELISANDRE drops her dress to the floor and caresses the back of GENDRY's head.  Death is coming for everyone and everything. A darkness that will swallow the dawn. And we can stop it, you and I. MELISANDRE leads GENDRY to the side of the bed. She kisses him, and gently pushes him back onto the bed. She undoes his pants and strides him.  Let me show you what you have inside you. Come fight death with me. She helps him inside of her, and they both undulate and moan with pleasure. GENDRY fondles her breasts, and MELISANDRE gently leads his hands to the headboard of the grand bed. She quickly binds them with a single pull on a leather strap.  What are you doing? MELISANDRE gives him a peck.  You have to trust me. She searches down GENDRY's body, and he gives himself over to her, eyes closed. She binds GENDRY's booted feet to the other end of the bed. He opens his eyes, watching and panting. MELISANDRE opens the ornate box at the side of the bed and pulls out a leech and places it on GENDRY's chest. He begins to panic.  What--? Get it away. Get it off me. MELISANDRE places more leeches on GENDRY's chest.  Don't fight, don't fight. They won't take much.  Why are you doing this?  I told you there's power in the blood of kings. And you have so much blood.  No. No, no, no, no! Not there. Not there! MELISANDRE places a leech on GENDRY's groin. The chamber door opens. STANNIS and DAVOS enter.  You can blame Ser Davos. He didn't believe in the power of king's blood. He wanted a demonstration. MELISANDRE walks to her dress and slips it back on. STANNIS approaches them.  Please. Please, Your Grace. My lord! MELISANDRE returns to GENDRY, and removes the leeches with her forcepts.  (cries out) Melisandre hands leeches to Stannis, next to the brazier that she lit earlier. Stannis takes out the leaches one by one, tossing them into the flames, which spark with each one.  The usurper Robb Stark. The usurper Balon Greyjoy. The usurper Joffrey Baratheon. JOFFREY and CERSEI sit amist the festivities drinking wine and chatting. TYWIN sits to their left, stoic. At the head table, TYRION carefully (and drunkenly) fills his wine glass right to the brim. He smacks his lips and looks over to SANSA, who is disgusted with him. The Tyrells sit across the hall from the Lannisters. OLENNA speaks with amusement to LORAS and MARGAERY.  So their son will be your nephew. After you're wed to Cersei, of course. And you will be the king's stepfather and brother-in-law. When you marry the king, Joffrey's mother will become his sister-in-law and your son will be Loras' nephew? Grandson? I'm not sure. But your brother will become your father-in-law. That much is beyond dispute. LORAS leaves in a huff. At the head table, TYRION checks his teeth in a golden plate and tosses it aside. TYWIN looks on with disdain as TYRION spills his wine. He starts to clean himself with the table cloth. The embarrasment brings SANSA out of her stiff discomfort.  (snorts)  Will you pardon me, my lord?  Of course. Of course. En--enjoy. SANSA stands and exits. JOFFREY gets up to intercept her, but CERSEI steadies him with a touch to the hand.  Perhaps you could talk to your bride-to-be instead.  I've got a lifetime for that. JOFFREY shakes off her hand and leaves, CERSEI sighs and gets up to follow. Her handmaiden starts to trail her.  Stay. Back at the head table, TYRION notices SANSA talking to VARYS, with SHAE standing by them. TYWIN appears beside him, startling TYRION.  You seem rather drunk.  Rather less than I plan to be. Isn't it a man's duty to be drunk at his own wedding?  This isn't about your wedding. Renly Baratheon had a wedding. Your wife needs a child, a Lannister child, as soon as possible.  And?  If you're going to give her one, you need to perform.  What did you once call me? A drunken little lust-filled beast.  More than once.  There you have it. Nothing to worry about. Drinking and lust, no man can match me in these things. I am the god of tits and wine. I shall build a shrine to myself at the next brothel I visit. TYWIN takes away TYRION's wine and slams it on the table. TYRION spits and fumes.  You can drink, you can joke, you can engage in juvenile attempts to make your father uncomfortable, but you will do your duty. TYWIN returns to his own seat. LORAS stands above in the balustrade, surveying the scene from afar. TYRION salutes LORAS with his cup. LORAS looks away uncomfortably, and notices CERSEI on the balustrade, looking out at the sea. He approaches her.  Well, my father once told me--  Nobody cares what your father once told you. CERSEI exits. SANSA walks through the revelry with SHAE. After opening a curtain for SANSA, SHAE quickly departs as JOFFREY intercepts SANSA.  Congratulations, my lady.  Thank you, Your Grace.  Well, you've done it. You've married a Lannister. Soon you'll have a Lannister baby. It's a dream come true for you, isn't it? What a glorious day.  Yes, Your Grace.  I suppose it doesn't really matter which Lannister puts the baby into you. Maybe I'll pay you a visit tonight after my uncle passes out. How'd you like that? SANSA does not reply.  You wouldn't? That's all right. Ser Meryn and Ser Boros will hold you down. JOFFREY smirks cruelly as he turns back to the main hall and claps his hands for attention.  Time for the bedding ceremony.  There will be no bedding ceremony. JOFFREY takes SANSA's hand and leads her to the central banquet floor.  Where's your respect for tradition, Uncle? Come, everyone. Pick her up and carry her to her wedding bed. Get rid of her gown. She won't be needing it any longer. Ladies, attend to my uncle. He's not heavy.  There will be no bedding ceremony.  There will be if I command it. TYRION stabs his knife resoundingly into the table in front of him. JOFFREY is shocked.  Then you'll be fucking your own bride with a wooden cock. Tywin rises from his seat.  What did you say? What did you say?  I believe we can dispense with the bedding, Your Grace. I'm sure Tyrion did not mean to threaten the king. TYRION's hand shakes with rage as he grips the knife with all his strength. Suddenly, he regains his drunken composure. He releases the knife and laughs obsequiously.  A bad joke, Your Grace. Made out of envy of your own royal manhood. Mine is so small. My poor wife won't even know I'm there.  Your uncle is clearly quite drunk, Your Grace.  I am. Guilty. But-- but it is my wedding night. TYRION staggers from the head table, and tumbles into another as he walks.  My tiny drunk cock and I have a job to do. Come, wife. TYRION entreats SANSA to come with him. She follows, embarrassed and small.  I vomited on a girl once in the middle of the act. Not proud of it. But I think honesty is important between a man and wife, don't you agree? Come, I'll tell you all about it. Put you in the mood. TYRION opens the door for SANSA. She enters nervously. TYRION closes the door, and staggers directly to the wine, and pours himself a glass.  Is that wise, my lord?  Tyrion, Sansa. My name is Tyrion.  Is that wise, Tyrion?  Nothing was ever wiser. TYRION sits on the side of the bed.  Astoundingly long.  What?  Neck. You have one. How old are you exactly?  14  Well, talk won't make you any older. My lord father has commanded me to consummate this marriage. SANSA takes a breath. She pours herself some wine and drinks it. TYRION offers a drunken toast of solidarity. SANSA moves quietly and obediently to the bed and undresses her many layers while TYRION watches.  Stop. I can't. I could, I won't.  But your father--  If my father wants someone to get fucked, I know where he can start. I won't share your bed. Not until you want me to.  What if I never want you to? TYRION toasts SANSA.  And so my watch begins. TYRION drinks. He turns, sets down his glass, and passes out directly. SANSA is speechless. The encampment bustles in spite of the late hour, with the Unsullied patrolling the paths between the tents. One Unsullied trots through camp alone. MISSANDEI bathes DAENERYS in a tub by candlelight  19  Yes, Your Grace.  How can anyone speak 19 languages?  It only took Your Grace a year to learn Dothraki reasonably well.  Yes, well, it was either learn Dothraki or grunt at my husband and hope-- what do you mean reasonably well?  Dothraki is difficult for the mouth to master. So guttural and harsh.  (in Dothraki) Drogo said I spoke Dothroaki like one born to it. It gave him great pride.  Athjahakar.  Athjahaka.  Ath-ja-hakar.  Athjahakar.  (nods)  Well, I suppose I'm a bit out of practice.  Your High Valyrian is very good, Your Grace. The gods could not devise a more perfect tongue. It is the only proper language for poetry.  (gasps) DAENERYS turns to see MISSANDEI held captive, her mouth covered and a knife at her throat. Her assailant, DAARIO, wears the uniform of the Unsullied.  No screaming or she dies. DAARIO leads MISSANDEI further into the tent. DAENERYS watches nervously, feeling vulnerable in her bath. DAARIO removes the knife from her throat, and lifts of the Unsullied helmet. His eyes smile at DAENERYS. She is confused and angry.  What do you want? DAARIO places the tip of his blade back onto MISSANDEI's throat.  You.  Let her go.  Don't scream, lovely girl. DAARIO releases MISSANDEI with a grand gesture. She scampers next to DAENERYS.  You were sent here to kill me?  (nods and chuckles)  So why haven't you?  I don't want to.  What do your captains have to say about that?  You should ask them. DAARIO removes his satchel and dumps its contents on the floor. The heads of MERO and PRENDAHL thud as they hit the floor.  Why?  We had philosophical differences.  Over what?  Your beauty. It meant more to me than it did to them.  You're a strange man.  I'm the simplest man you'll ever meet. I only do what I want to do.  And this is supposed to impress me?  Yes.  Why would I trust a man who murders his comrades?  They ordered me to murder you. I told them I preferred not to. They told me I had no choice. I told them I am Daario Naharis. I always have a choice. They drew their swords and I drew mine. DAENERYS rises from her bath and steps to the floor. She stands naked before DAARIO, matching his confidence with her resolve. MISSANDEI steps behind her and slips her into a robe.  Will you fight for me?  (nods) DAENERYS walks to him.  Swear to me. DAARIO unsheathes his sword and kneels, placing it across his knees.  The Second Sons are yours and so is Daario Naharis. My sword is yours, my life is yours, my heart is yours. DAARIO bows his head. The door to TYRION's chamber opens. SANSA sleeps alone in TYRION's bed. TYRION lies on the settee that he passed out on the night before. SHAE walks in without looking at TYRION and slam the breakfast tray the she holds onto the table. SANSA rises from the bed while TYRION struggles to even prop himself up.  You really ought to knock.  I brought your breakfast. Irritated, SHAE moves quickly through the room. She snatches SANSA's dress from under TYRION's head. His head thumps into the chair's arm. SHAE helps SANSA to dress while TYRION struggles with his hang over. SHAE begins to strip the bed, and notices that the sheets are stain-free. She softens and exchanges a sympathetic and understanding look with TYRION. She exits with the sheets. SAM, GILLY and her BABY walk across the snowy landscape, exhausted. The wind churns. GILLY stops by a tree while SAM examines a broken farmhouse. A crow lands in the godswood tree above them  (fusses)  It's getting dark. We could stay here for the night.  (fusses) GILLY hands the BABY to SAM. SAM smiles at the child while GILLY collects firewood. A second crow joins the first in the tree. SAM pauses, surprised at the coincidence. The wind howls and whistles in the night. Inside the broken barn, SAM tries to strike a fire with his flint stones.  How hard can it be to build a fire?  It doesn't matter. Come under the furs. We can keep each other warm. SAM blinks rapidly, then sits next to GILLY. She spreads the furs over them both and looks at him.  (fusses)  He winked at me before.  I doubt it.  I saw him wink at me.  He blinked.  I suppose it's a rather philosophical difference between a wink and a blink.  A what?  Well, I mean, there's no real difference.  A wink is on purpose.  You thought of a name yet? It would be easier to refer to him if he had a name.  Sometimes do you talk fancy on purpose to confuse me?  What? No. This is just the way I talk.  I'll build that fire. GILLY sets down the BABY and stacks the wood. She tries to strike the flint.  Don't you think he should have a name?  I don't know many boys' names.  Let's see, there's Duncan, Kevan, Jon Guymon, Feldan, Tristifer.  Craster. SAM is taken aback. While he thinks of how to respond, the fire comes alive.  Uh, yes. Maybe that's not--  Mormont. GILLY feeds the fire.  That's a lovely idea, but Mormont's a last name.  Why is it a last name?  Well, it's a family name. For instance, I'm Samwell Tarly. Samwell is my birth name and Tarly is my family name. You see? So my father is also a Tarly.  His name is Samwell Tarly, too?  No, Randyll Tarly.  Randyll is a handsome name.  Please don't name him Randyll.  Is your father cruel like mine?  Different manner of cruel. GILLY blows on the fire. Crows caw outside the broken barn.  Not Randyll, then. GILLY sits back down next to SAM. The sounds of crows escalate into a chorus of relentless cawing. SAM and GILLY listen with fear. SAM nods at her with a slight smile, and rises.  Don't. Don't go out there. SAM takes a burning torch from the fire.  I'll be back. I just want to look. SAM reaches the side of the barn and looks out. He grabs his sword as he exits. The godswood tree is swarmed by crows. They cry out in a cacophany. GILLY joins SAM outside, clutching her BABY. Every branch of the godswood is covered by crows. There must be hundreds.  Go inside. Go back inside. I'll-- Suddenly the crows fall silent. A growl comes out of the darkness beyond them. SAM looks into the woods, and drops his torch.  It's come for the baby. A lone figure walks towards them from the woods. SAM readies his sword, two handed. The figure comes closer. It is a WHITE WALKER, approaching calmly.  Stay back! The WHITE WALKER continues to approach. SAM extends his sword in front of him, an unconvincing threat. The WHITE WALKER is nearly upon SAM.  You stay back! The WHITE WALKER grabs SAM's sword. It sounds a resonant ring and suddenly shatters in his grip. He levels SAM with an uppercut that sends him sprawling to the ground. He turns his attention to GILLY and her BABY.  No, you can't have him! No! SAM draws the dragonglass knife from his furs.  No! SAM runs to intercept the WHITE WALKER. He lunged and plants the dragonglass knife in the shoulder blade of the WHITE WALKER. The ghoul screeches and turns to attack SAM. But the WALKER seizes up, howls, and falls to his knees, his flesh hardening and cracking like ice. Suddenly, he shatters into tiny shards, practically vanishing into crystal dust. SAM and GILLY are stupefied. The crows begin to sound again. SAM grabs GILLY. They run away from the barn and into the woods. The crows take to flight, swarming them and cawing in a thunderous clamor. The wedding banquet for Margaery and Joffrey has turned shocking and horrific. Joffrey lays dead in his mother's lap. Blood pours from his nose and vomit clings around his mouth. Cersei turns to Tyrion.  You did this. You did this! Three guards grab Tyrion from behind. As Sansa looks on, Ser Dontos Hollard approaches her.  We have to leave.  Take him! Take him! Tyrion is dragged off by guards as Sansa and Ser Dontos rush off through the crowd.  Where is his wife? Where's Sansa?  Find her. Bar the gates of the city. Seize every ship in the harbor.  Where is she?!  No one leaves the capital! No one! A bell tolls as Sansa and Ser Dontos rush down to a small boat, separate from the Harbor.  Get in.  Where are we going?  Somewhere safe. Sansa and Ser Dontos sail out into the ocean, far from King's Landing. They come across a huge mysterious ship in the middle of the misty sea. Ser Dontos pulls his smaller boat up alongside it.  Up you go, my lady. You'll be fine. You're stronger than you know. Sansa climbs the latter. She climbs up a ladder on the side of the ship, as she reaches the top someone grabs her. She gasps before realizing who it is.  Lord Baelish?  Petyr... Are you hurt, my lady?  (shakes her head.)  Good. Good. I'm sure you've had quite a fright. Rest easy. The worst is past. Ser Dontos shouts up from his boat.  Lord Baelish. I promised I'd get her to you safely.  Softly, my friend... Voices carry over water.  I should get back before someone thinks to look for me. LITTLEFINGER First you'll want your pay. 10,000 was it?  10,000. Littlefinger clicks his finger and two men with crossbows walk to the edge of the ship. They aim at Ser Dontos.  Wait! Both men shoot at Ser Dontos, he groans in pain before lying dead. Sansa screams and Littlefinger hushes her.  Shh. You don't want the queen to hear, do you? 1,000 gold cloaks are searching for you. And if they found you, how do you think they would punish the girl who murdered the king?  I didn't murder anyone.  I know. I know. But you must admit it looks suspicious. The king who executed your father, who tormented you for years, and you fled the scene of his murder. Sansa glances back to Ser Dontos' body.  Why did you kill him?  Because he was a drunk and a fool and I don't trust drunk fools.  He saved me.  Saved you? My lady, he followed my orders. Every one of them. And he did it all for gold. Money buys a man's silence for a time. A bolt in the heart buys it forever.  He was helping me because I saved his life.  Yes, and he gave you a priceless necklace that once belonged to his grandmother. The last legacy of House Hollard. Littlefinger removes the necklace from around Sansa's neck and places it on the edge of the ship. He pull out a knife and hits one of the "crystals" and it smashes like glass. Sansa, confused, studies him.  I had it made a few weeks ago. What did I once tell you about the capital?  We're all liars here. Littlefinger pushes the necklace off the edge of the boat and it lands directly on Ser Dontos' lifeless body.  Come, my lady. I know you've had a difficult day. But you're safe now. I promise you that. You're safe with me and sailing home. Margaery Tyrell sits at the table with Olenna Tyrell.  So am I the queen?  More than you were with Renly. Less than you would have been if Joffrey had done you the courtesy of consummating the marriage before dying. In any case, this would not be an opportune moment to press the issue.  Clawing at his own throat, looking to his mother to make stop... it was horrible.  The world is overflowing with horrible things. But they're all a tray of cakes next to death. They brought me your grandfather's body when he died, you know? Made me look at it.  What was it like?  They took me to the Great Hall and there he was. The man I'd married and suffered to father my children. A great doughy lump I'd sat next to at endless dinners and tedious gatherings. There he was... lying on a table.  One of my husbands preferred the company of men and was stabbed through the heart. Another was happiest torturing animals and was poisoned at our wedding feast... I must be cursed.  Nonsense. Your circumstances have improved markedly. You may not have enjoyed watching him die, but you enjoyed it more than you would have enjoyed being married to him, I can promise you that.  But I would have been the queen.  Our alliance with the Lannisters remains every bit as necessary to them as it is unpleasant for us. You did wonderful work on Joffrey. The next one should be easier. Joffrey's body is laid on a table in the center on the room. Cersei, Tommen and Tywin and stand around him. Tywin turns to Tommen.  Your brother is dead. Do you know what that means? Tommen stays quiet.  I'm not trying to trick you.  It means I'll become king.  Yes, you will become king. What kind of king do you think you'll be?  A good king?  Mm, I think so as well. You've got the right temperament for it. But what makes a good king? Hmm? What is a good king's single most important quality?  This is hardly the place or the time.  Holiness?  Hmm. Baelor the Blessed was holy. And pious. He built this sept. He also named a six-year-old boy high septon because he thought the boy could work miracles. He ended up fasting himself into an early grave because food was of this world and this world was sinful.  Justice.  Yeah. A good king must be just. Orys I was just. Everyone applauded his reforms. Nobles and commoners alike. But he wasn't just for long. He was murdered in his sleep after less than a year by his own brother. Was that truly just of him? To abandon his subjects to an evil that he was too gullible to recognize?  No.  No.  What about strength?  Yes. Strength. King Robert was strong. He won the rebellion and crushed the Targaryen dynasty. And he attended three small council meetings in 17 years. He spent his time whoring and hunting and drinking until the last two killed him. So, we have a man who starves himself to death, a man who lets his own brother murder him, and a man who thinks that winning and ruling are the same thing. What do they all lack?  Wisdom.  Yes!  Wisdom is what makes a good king.  Yes. But what is wisdom? Hmm? A house with great wealth and fertile lands asks you for your protection against another house with a strong Navy that could one day oppose you. How do you know which choice is wise and which isn't? You've any experience of treasuries and granaries or shipyards and soldiers?  No.  No. Of course not. A wise king knows what he knows and what he doesn't. You're young. A wise young king listens to his counselors and heeds their advice until he comes of age. And the wisest kings continue to listen to them long afterwards... Your brother was not a wise king. Your brother was not a good king. If he had been, perhaps he'd still be alive. Now, as the king, you will have to marry. Do you understand why? Tywin and Tommen begin walking up the steps to leave the Sept.  A king needs a queen.  Yes, but why? To further the family line. Do you know how that happens?  Yes.  Yes, but has anyone explained the details to you?  I don't think so. It's all relatively straightforward. JAIME enters.  How are you?  I'm all right. You are. You will be. I'll see to that. TYWIN and TOMMEN exit.  Please give the queen a moment alone with her son.  Yes, my lord. All of you. The High Septon snaps his fingers and the priests exit.  It was Tyrion. He killed him. He told me he would. "A day will come when you think you are safe and happy and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth." That's what he said to me. You saw it. You saw Joff point at him just before he...  I don't know what I saw.  Avenge him. Avenge our son. Kill Tyrion.  Tyrion's my brother. Our brother. There'll be a trial. We'll get to the truth of what happened.  I don't want a trial. He'll squirm his way to freedom given the chance. I want him dead. (CRYING) Please, Jaime. You have to. He was our son. Our baby boy. JAIME consoles CERSEI. They kiss. CERSEI steps back and gasps.  You're a hateful woman. Why have the gods made me love a hateful woman? JAIME grabs CERSEI and forcefully kisses her. He presses against her.  Jaime, not here, please. Please. JAIME rips at her dress. They end up tangled on the floor by the altar.  Stop it. Stop it. Stop.  No.  Stop it. Stop. She continues to resist, but her resolve is weakening. They kiss, and JAIME brings her to the ground and forces himself on her.  Stop. Stop. It's not right.  (GRUNTS)  It's not right. It's not right.  I don't care.  (CRYING) Don't.  I don't care.  Don't. Jaime, don't.  I don't care. Thunder rumbles as the HOUND relieves himself and ARYA plucks the leaves from a plant.  Gonna rain soon. Where are we?  Near Fairmarket, I think.  You think? You don't have a map?  No, I don't have a map.  Maybe we should get one.  Just point out the next map shop you see and I'll buy you one.  How far is it to the Eyrie?  Far.  And you're sure we're going the right way? The HOUND feed his mount some water.  Believe me, girl, I want you there as soon as I can. Get my gold, be on my way.  On your way where?  Why do you care? Might book passage across the Narrow Sea. Fight as a sellsword. Second Sons, could be. Seems like a good fit for me.  I'd like to see Braavos one day.  Why Braavos?  I have friends there.  I doubt it.  Seven blessings to you. FARMER HAMLET and SALLY sit in their wagon above them.  What do you want?  What do I want? This is my land.  If I'm standing on it, it's my land.  We were just watering the horses. We'll be on our way. Forgive my father. He was wounded fighting in the war. Our cottage burned down while he was gone and my mother with it.  (nods)  He's never been the same.  Which house did he fight for?  The Tullys of Riverrun.  There's a storm coming. You'll be wanting a roof tonight. There's fresh hay in the barn. And Sally here makes rabbit stew just like her mom used to do. We don't have much, but any man that bled for House Tully is welcome to it. Thunder rumbles and the rain patters. FARMER HAMLET and SALLY host ARYA and the HOUND for dinner.  We ask the Father to judge us with mercy accepting our human frailty. We ask the Mother to bless our crops so we may feed ourselves and all who come to our door. We ask the Warrior to give us courage in these days of strife and turmoil. We ask the Maiden to protect Sally's virtue to keep her from the clutches of depravity.  You got to do all seven of the fuckers?  Father!  We ask the Smith to strengthen our hands and our backs so we may finish the work required of us. We ask the Crone to guide us on our journey from darkness to darkness.  And we ask the Stranger not to kill us in our beds tonight for no damn reason at all. The HOUND impatiently grabs the pot and pours himself some soup.  I'm so sorry. The HOUND and ARYA slurp hungrily. FARMER HAMLET and SALLY watch, a bit appalled at their manners.  Really good.  Did you fight at the Twins?  Call that a fight? Slaughtering livestock more like.  The Red Wedding they're calling it. Walder Frey committed sacrilege that day. He shared bread and salt with the Starks. He offered them guest right.  Guest right don't mean much anymore.  It means something to me. The gods will have their vengeance. Frey will burn in the seventh hell for what he did. Things were different when Hoster Tully ruled the Riverlands. We had good years and bad years, same as anyone. But we were safe. Now with the Freys, raiders come plundering, steal our food, steal our silver. I was gonna send Sally north to stay with my brother, but the north's no better. The whole country's gone sour.  You got any ale?  Afraid not.  How can a man not keep ale in his home?  You look like you could really swing that sword. A real warrior with proper training. Those raiders wouldn't stand a chance against you. How would it be if you stayed on till the new moon? I could use a man to help with the farmwork. Sally does what she can, but she can't lift a bale of hay. And if any thieves came looking for easy pickings, one look at you, I'd bet they'd run the other way. Meaning no offense.  What'll you pay? I don't have much. But I have hidden a bit of silver from the bandits. Fair wages for fair work?  (Nods) Fair wages for fair work. Chickens cluck as ARYA sleeps in the hay. Faint voices argue. A punch lands, a man groans and a girl screams. ARYA leaves the barn and strides towards the HOUND, FARMER HAMLET and SALLY. The farmer lies on the ground and SALLY tends him. The HOUND has taken something and is walking away.  What did you do?!  Get your horse saddled.  You told me you weren't a thief.  I wasn't.  He took us in. He fed us and you...  Aye, he took us in. He's a good man and his daughter makes a nice stew. And they'll both be dead come winter.  You don't know that.  I do know it. He's weak. He can't protect himself. They'll both be dead come winter. Dead men don't need silver.  You're the worst shit in the Seven Kingdoms.  There's plenty worse than me. I just understand the way things are. How many Starks they got to behead before you figure it out? EXT- CASTLE BLACK COURTYARD Two rangers walk through the courtyard, taking account of the new recruits.  Raper. Raper. Horse thief. Ninth born son. Raper. Thief. Thief and raper. SAM passes them and encounters ALLISER THORNE and JANOS SLYNT at the stairwell.  There he is, Sam the Slayer.  Going to visit your wildling whore?  She's not a whore.  No? Maybe I'll give her a copper tonight and find out. GILLY lets SAM into the room.  They all think I'm lying.  About what?  Killing the white Walker.  You're not lying. I'll never forget the way it screamed. GILLY touches LITTLE SAM.  But you're the only one that saw it. And they all think you're just a...  A what?  Well, a wildling.  My father hated that word.  It's not a very nice word, I suppose.  I don't know. It makes me sound a bit dangerous, doesn't it? SAM sits next to her to help with the plucking.  So... are you all right? No one bothering you?  I get a lot of looks. I hear them making their jokes. But no one's touched me if that's what you mean.  I worry about it sometimes. All the time.  Why do you worry about it?  100 men, one woman.  They've got other things to think about.  That's the only thing they think about.  You're being silly.  I'm not being silly. There's 100 men lying awake at night picturing you.  What about you?  What about me? Gilly? I worry about you.  Thank you.  For what?  For worrying about me.  I don't know if you're safe here. They're my brothers, but some of them were thieves before they came here. Some of them were rapers. You saw what they did at your father's keep.  So what are you saying?  Maybe you'd be safer in Mole's Town.  Are you bored of me?  Bored of you? I... I want to protect you.  I'll get these to Hobb. Keep an eye on little Sam. GILLY picks up the chickens and exits. SAM tends to LITTLE SAM. STANNIS stands looking at the storm. DAVOS enters.  Your Grace.  You're a literary man now. What do you make of that? DAVOS picks up a scroll and struggles to read it.  Joffrey?  The usurper Joffrey Baratheon. I said those words when I tossed a leech into the fire. A leech filled with bastard blood. A bastard you set free. I am now faced with a great opportunity and I am powerless to take advantage of it.  I will find you an army, Your Grace. I've been working day and night...  What progress have you made? While DAVOS names houses, STANNIS picks up pieces from the war table, snaps them and discards them.  I've rallied House Peasebury to your 'cause.  House Peasebury.  House Musgood.  House Musgood.  And House Haigh.  House Haigh. They don't have enough men between them to raid a pantry.  Westeros is not the world, Your Grace. We need to look east for ships and men. 10,000 skilled soldiers fight for the Golden Company.  The Golden Company?  They've never broken a contract.  They're sellswords.  We're willing to use blood magic to put you on the throne, but we're not willing to pay men to fight? Now the Red Woman's magic is real. Her visions and prophecies may be, too, but I've never heard of visions and prophecies winning a war. Soldiers win wars. Soldiers on the ground. It's dirty on the ground.  We don't have any gold.  Not yet.  If I do not press my claim, my claim will be forgotten. I will not become a page in someone else's history book. I'm running out of time, Ser Davos. Which means you're running out of time. - INT DRAGONSTONE, SHIREEN's room. DAVOS knocks and enters.  You're late.  I'm sorry, Princess.  I thought you weren't coming.  The Hand of the King doesn't have much leisure time.  You won't be a very good Hand if you see the word knight and say "ka-nigit."  That happened once, weeks ago. You're your father's daughter, no mistake. Bloody relentless, the both of you.  It's a new one today. Lots of tricky words. But I think you can manage. DAVOS sits and takes up a book to practice reading.  You'll never read well if you move your lips. That's how children do it.  "The Life and Adventures of Elyo Grivas. First Sword of Braavos." SHIREEN claps.  Thank you very much.  I like this one. It's full of sword fights and pirates. You were a pirate once.  No, I was never a pirate. I was a smuggler.  What's the difference?  Well, if you're a famous smuggler, you're not doing it right.  My father says a criminal is a criminal.  Your father lacks an appreciation of the finer points of bad behavior. So do the Braavosi.  You've sailed to Braavos?  Of course. Almost got beheaded by a First Sword of Braavos. I tried to explain to him the difference between pirates and smugglers, but he didn't seem any more interested in the distinction than your father. I suppose if you work for the Iron Bank of Braavos and each one of your gold barges is worth half a kingdom, you tend not to be overly concerned with the kind of distinction... DAVOS has an inspired thought. He gets up, paces and then kisses SHIREEN on the forehead.  What was that for?  I need you to write a message.  You should write it yourself. It's good practice.  It's too important for me. I need a smart person to do it. Go on. He hands her a quill and scroll. She begins to write.  To the offices of the Iron Bank of Braavos from Stannis Baratheon the one true king of Westeros.  But that's not you.  I need to get their attention. Go on. Write. SAM, GILLY and LITTLE SAM ride a cart through the busy town. LITTLE SAM coos.  He's seen some adventures, hasn't he? SAM, GILLY and LITTLE SAM enter the tavern. A MOLE'S TOWN WHORE approaches GILLY while SAM talks to the MOLE'S TOWN MADAM.  Precious little thing.  Thank you.  What's his name?  Sam.  Lovely. That the daddy?  No.  Where's the daddy?  He's dead.  Oh. Where you from?  North of here.  North of here? You a fucking wildling?  Only room and board?  That's right. She'll clean and cook and look after the other girls' babies.  Could find other work for her, too.  No other work.  There'd be money. Give you a piece of it.  No other work.  I promise to come back and visit whenever I can. You'll be safer here. Who's gonna protect you at Castle Black? Me?  You protected me north of the Wall.  This is different. They're brothers of the Night's Watch and I can't just stab them in the back and I can't run away, which is what we did at Craster's. LITTLE SAM cries  You have to trust me. It's for the best. GILLY puts LITTLE SAM down.  Best for you.  Oh, Gilly. Please don't. LITTLE SAM cries and GILLY tends him. SAM exits ELLARIA, MAREI, a WHORE, OBERYN and OLYVAR are engaged in passionate sex. ELLARIA turns her attention from MAREI to OLYVAR.  Greedy. ELLARIA kissed OLYVAR deeply, but he does not return her ardor.  No?  I'm sorry. You're lovely, I just never acquired the taste.  You're calling my beauty an acquired taste?  That's quite all right, lover. It's more for you.  Your loss. OBERYN takes a drink.  You like them both the same? Boys and girls?  Does that surprise you?  Everyone has a preference.  Then everyone is missing half the world's pleasure. The gods made that and it delights me. The gods made this and it delights me. When it comes to war, I fight for Dorne. When it comes to love, I don't choose sides.  I hope I have as much stamina when I'm your age.  What are you, 25?  Children.  (CHUCKLES) Someday, if you're lucky, you will wake up and realize you are old. That pretty ass of yours will sag. Your belly will grow soft and your back will ache in the night and gray hairs will sprout from your ears. No one will want you anymore. Make sure you fucked your fill before that day.  Did you?  He is a prince of Dorne. Girls and boys will line up to fuck him till the day he dies.  They will all have to line up behind you. A door opens. TYWIN enters.  Prince Oberyn.  Lord Tywin.  May we have the room?  Call my name if you need me, lover. OLYVAR, MAREI, the WHORE and ELLARIA exit  Would you like to sit?  No, thank you.  Some wine?  No, thank you. OBERYN dresses and pours some wine.  I'm sorry about your grandson.  Are you?  I don't believe that a child is responsible for the sins of his father. Or his grandfather. An awful way to die.  Which way is that?  Are you interrogating me, Lord Tywin?  Some believe the king choked.  Some believe the sky is blue because we live inside the eye of a blue-eyed giant. The king was poisoned.  I hear you studied poisons at the Citadel.  I did. This is why I know.  Your hatred for my family is rather well known. You arrive at the capital, an expert in poisoning, some days later my grandson dies of poisoning.  Rather suspicious. Why haven't you thrown me in a dungeon?  You spoke with Tyrion in this very brothel on the day that you arrived. What did you discuss?  You think we conspired together?  What did you discuss?  The death of my sister.  For which you blame me.  She was raped and murdered by the Mountain. The Mountain follows your orders. Of course I blame you.  Here I stand unarmed, unguarded. Should I be concerned?  You are unarmed and unguarded because you know me better than that. I am a man of reason. If I cut your throat today, I will be drawn and quartered tomorrow.  Men at war commit all kinds of crimes without their superiors' knowledge.  So you deny involvement in Elia's murder?  Categorically.  I would like to speak with the Mountain.  I'm sure he would enjoy speaking with you.  He might not enjoy it as much as he thinks he would.  I could arrange for this meeting.  But you want something in return.  There will be a trial for my son. And as custom dictates, three judges will render a verdict. I will preside. Mace Tyrell will serve as the second judge. I would like you to be the third.  Why?  Not long ago, the Tyrells sided with Renly Baratheon. Declared themselves enemies of the throne. Now they are our strongest allies.  Well, you made the Tyrell girl a queen. Asking me to judge at your son's trial isn't quite as tempting.  I will also invite you to sit on the small council to serve as one of the new king's principal advisors.  I never realized you had such respect for Dorne, Lord Tywin.  We are not the Seven Kingdoms until Dorne returns to the fold. The king is dead. The Greyjoys are in open rebellion. A wildling army marches on the Wall. And in the East, a Targaryen girl has three dragons. Before long, she will turn her eyes to Westeros. Only the Dornish managed to resist Aegon Targaryen and his dragons.  You're saying you need us? That must be hard for you to admit.  We need each other. You help me serve justice to the king's assassins and I will help you serve justice to Elia's. OBERYN considers TYRION sits on the floor. The door unlocks and PODRICK enters.  Podrick. Apologies for the stench.  I brought you some wine, my lord, but they took it from me.  A noble effort.  They didn't find the candles, though. A quill, some parchment, duck sausage, almonds, and some hard cheese.  You're a good lad. Any word of Shae?  I've heard nothing, my lord.  I suppose that's a good thing. What are they saying about me out there?  You're to stand trial in a fortnight for murdering the king.  Do you believe I murdered Joffrey?  No, my lord. You didn't?  No. Gods, no. The world is a better place without him, but I had nothing to do with it. I would like to think if I were arranging a royal assassination, I'd plan it in such a way that I wouldn't be standing there gawking like a fool when the king died. Trial in a fortnight. Have they announced the judges yet?  Your father.  Of course.  Mace Tyrell.  Who will vote exactly as my father tells him to vote.  And Prince Oberyn of Dorne.  Oberyn? Give it to my father. He never fails to take advantage of a family tragedy.  I'm supposed to get a list of names from you, my lord. Anyone who might testify on your behalf.  Oh, I can call my own witnesses? How generous of them. Very well, my wife. Sansa.  My lord, she's gone.  Gone?  No one's seen her since the wedding. You don't think she...  No one had more 'cause to kill Joffrey than Sansa, but the girl is no assassin. Whoever killed the king wanted me to lose my head for it. And with my wife's disappearance, it makes me seem that much more guilty. Podrick.  Yes, my lord?  They'll be following you now.  Who will?  I don't know. They. They. The ominous they. The man pulling the strings. Or woman. My father. Maybe Joffrey was too much work for him. Sweet Tommen will be so much easier to handle. Whenever something bad happens to me, I assume it's my sister that had a hand in it. But say what you will of Cersei, she loves her children. She is the only one I'm certain had nothing to do with this murder. Which makes it unique as King's Landing murders go.  Any other witnesses, my lord?  Varys could vouch for me if he dared.  He's already been called as a witness for the queen.  Of course. Fetch Bronn. I have a job for him.  I've already asked, my lord. They won't let him see you.  Why not?  They say he's a known cutthroat and your close associate. He's under investigation himself.  And my brother? Will they at least allow me to see Jaime?  I'll ask, my lord. PODRICK stands to go, but hesitates.  There's something else, my lord. A man, I didn't know his face, he came to ask if I'd testify against you. Said I'd be named Ser Podrick Payne if I told the judges you'd bought a poison called the Strangler.  Ser Podrick Payne? Has a nice ring to it. What did you tell him?  I didn't tell them anything, my lord.  Are you going to accept their offer?  My lord.  Testifying against me wasn't a suggestion. If they can't tempt you with honey, they'll choose something less sweet.  You've been good to me, my lord.  Pod, the trial's in a fortnight. They'll want an answer before that.  I already gave them an answer, my lord.  I will not have you dying on my behalf. Do you hear me? If I have to take that long walk to the executioner's block, I don't want to see your head already mounted.  My lord.  Pod, I am giving you an order. Go and find my brother. Tell him I need him. And get yourself out of King's Landing before it's too late. Pod! This is farewell.  Farewell, my lord. PODRICK nods and opens the door.  Pod. There has never lived a more loyal squire. PODRICK bows his head as he exits. A bustling small village south of the wall. OLLY and GUYMON walk together  Mother says it's time to eat.  What's she got boiling? Wait. Wait. Let me guess.  Potatoes.  Potatoes. Well, no one boils a potato better than your mom. Has she got... An arrow whistles through the air and pierces OLLY'S FATHER's neck. He falls dead. YGRITTE is the archer, and she is resolute and angry.  The wildlings! OLLY'S MOTHER notices that GUYMON has fallen. She runs to him and OLLY. She finds him lifeless.  Guymon! (to OLLY) Hide. Hide! OLLY runs as OLLY'S MOTHER cradles to body. The Thenns and wildlings attack, and she is hewn by the war axe of STYR. The Wildings take the village as OLLY runs for his life. TORMUND attacks brtutally with his sword. YGRITTE shoots down a villiager attacking him from behind. He falls, and TORMUND slits his throat. YGRITTE draws her sword and joins the melee Meanwhile, OLLY hides under a wagon with some chickens. He watches YGRITTE, whimpering. Suddenly, he is pulled from behind, and a Thenn brings him to STYR.  You know how to get to Castle Black?  Yes. Yes. STYR puts OLLY over his shoulder and begins walking. He shows OLLY how the Thenns are butchering his parents.  Those your parents? Open your eyes. I'm going to eat them. Do you hear me? I'm going to eat your dead mama and I'm going to eat your dead papa. Go tell the crows at Castle Black. STYR releases him, and OLLY runs. The rangers are gathered in the hall and YARWICK speaks. OLLY stands next to JON.  We need to teach them a lesson about the way we deal with their kind.  Aye! Aye!  Three dozen bodies with slit throats tossed off the top of the Wall. Seems like that would be a good lesson.  Aye!  If we go after them, we'll be giving them what they want. They want to draw us out, pick us off a few at a time.  We have just over 100 men. And that's including stewards and builders. And me. We can't afford to lose a single man. We must remember our first responsibility. We are the watchers on the Wall.  There's got to be a way to protect them.  You're a champion of the common people, Lord Snow. What do you say to Brother Pyp's proposition?  Mance Rayder is coming. If the wildlings breach the Wall, they'll roll over everything and everyone for 1,000 Miles before they reach an army that can stop them.  We need to shore up Castle Black and we need to defend the Wall. That is our job. A horn blows. (HORN BLOWS)  Rangers returning. The heavy gate is opening, showing winter beyond. JON, PYP and the rangers help DOLOROUS EDD and GRENN.  Help him.  Thought you'd have blue eyes by now. JON helps DOLOROUS EDD and GRENN to the courtyard. ALLISER THORN and JANOS SLYNT walk up  What took you so long?  We were held up.  By what?  Chains.  We were guests of the mutineers at Craster's Keep.  And the mutineers stayed?  They're not going anywhere. They've got Craster's food and his wives. Poor girls. Never thought they'd miss their daddy. Karl's running things now. He's the one who put a knife through Craster's mouth.  We need to ride north and kill them all.  We just went over this, boy. -Justice can wait.  It's not about justice. I told the wildlings we had over 1,000 men at Castle Black alone. Karl and the others know the truth as well as we do. How long do you think they'll keep that information to themselves when the wildlings are peeling their fingernails off? Mance has all he needs to crush us, he just doesn't know it yet. As soon as he gets his hands on them, he will. Then he'll throw his full strength at us. And even if every one of us kills 100 wildlings, there's still not a thing we can do to stop them.  I don't think I can kill 100 wildlings. The unsullied march towards Meereen. DAENERYS, JORAH, SER BARRISTAN, MISSANDEI and DAARIO NAHARYS ride alongside. The riders dismount at the main gate while the unsullied stand at attention. The Meereen citifolk watch from atop the walls.murmuring. The main door opens.  Are they attacking?  A single rider. A champion of Meereen. They want you to send your own champion against him. A single rider advances, and the crowd cheers. He halts horse to the side of DAENERYS's band. He dismounts.  (SPEAKING VALYRIAN)  What is he doing?  I believe he means to... The CHAMPION urinates towards DAENERYS. The crowd laughs and cheers.  He says that we're an army of men without man parts. He claims you are no woman at all, but a man who... hides his cock in his own asshole.  Ignore him, Your Grace. These are meaningless words.  They're not meaningless if half the city you intend to take is listening to them.  (CONTINUES SPEAKING VALYRIAN)  I have something to say to the people of Meereen. First, I will need this one to be quiet. Do I have a champion?  (SPEAKING VALYRIAN) Allow me this honor, mother of dragons. I will not disappoint you.  (valyrian) You are the commander of the Unsullied. I cannot risk you.  Your Grace, I've won more single combats than any man alive.  Which is why you must remain by my side.  I've been by your side longer than any of them, Khaleesi. Let me stand for you today as well.  You are my most trusted advisor, my most valued general, and my dearest friend. I will not gamble with your life.  I was the last to join your army. I'm not your general or a member of your Queensguard or the commander of your Unsullied. My mother was a whore. I come from nothing. And before long, I will return to nothing. Let me kill this man for you.  Very well. You have quite an audience. Make it worth their while.  He is very brave, Your Grace.  Yes, win or lose, as long as the whole city is watching. A squire helps the mounted CHAMPION arm himself. DAENERYS walks up to DAARIO.  You sure you don't want a horse?  Why would I want a horse?  Horses are faster than men.  Horses are dumber than men. DAENERYS steps back and the CHAMPION charges. DAARIO turns to wink at DAENERYS. The CHAMPION closes in and DAARIO draws his dagger, holds it on his shoulder and kisses it. He then launches it at the charging CHAMPION, burying the blade in his horse's forehead. The horse falls in the sand, the CHAMPION rolling away. As he rises, DAARIO dispatches him with a single blow to the neck. He nods to DAENERYS. The Meeren crowd is shocked. An order is given, and scores of archers on the wall fire at DAENERYS's band. The arrows plant in front of them. DAARIO urinates in response. DAENERYS paces and the Unsullied turn at attention.  (valyrian) I am Daenerys Stormborn. The crowd quiets.  (valyrian) Your Masters may have told you lies about me, or they may have told you nothing. It does not matter. I have nothing to say to them. Only to you. First I went to Astapor. Those who were slaves in Astapor now stand behind me, free. Next I went to Yunkai. Those who were slaves in Yunkai now stand behind me, free. Now I have come to Meereen. I am not your enemy. Your enemy is beside you. The Meereen inhabitants start to move away from the wall, while the Meereen soldiers face outside the wall. The Meereen slaves listen carefully to DAENERYS, while their masters become uncomfortable.  Your enemy steals and murders your children. Your enemy has nothing for you but chains and suffering and commands. I do not bring commands. I bring you a choice. And I bring your enemies what they deserve. Forward! The Unsullied move the seige weapons forward. The slaves are emboldened and the inhabitants are taken aback.  Fire! The unsullied fire the catapults. Cylindrical logs spin through the air and shatter on the sides of buildings, raining down the empty manacles inside. Civilians and slaves duck as the contents fall among them. A SLAVE picks up an empty choker and looks back at his fearful master. Dogs bark and a woman laughs. Another woman breathes in panic, gasping for breath  Tansy! Tansy! Tansy! RAMSAY and MYRANDA run together, holding hands. They each hold a bow as they run. They are happy, excited and enjoying themselves. THEON limps behind them, trying to keep up. The hunting dogs continue to bark.  Tansy! Tansy! TANSY runs through the woods, the hunting dogs barking in pursuit. Further behind are RAMSAY, MYRANDA and THEON.  There you are.  (screams)  (laughing) I can't see her, Ramsay.  Tansy! RAMSAY notches an arrow. TANSY pauses at a tree, gasping for breath. RAMSAY's arrow strikes the tree, just inches from her face. She screams, and begins running again.  If you make it out of the woods, you win! Run, Tansy, run! MYRANDA expertly notches an arrow and lets it fly. It flies past TANSY, who stumbles down into a muddy stream, gasping and screaming. She scrambles on all fours in panic, pauses to hide in the shadowed stream bed. She sobs.  Tansy.  Where is she?  Tansy, Tansy, Tansy! The hunting dogs come barreling down the stream bed towards TANSY. She shrieks and whimpers, and starts running once again. The dogs chase her through a small tunnel and back into the woods proper. MYRANDA lets another arrow fly, with concentration and precision. It hits TANSY in the leg, and she falls, sobbing. The dogs terrorize her. RAMSAY, MYRANDA and THEON catch up.  Good girls. Down, girls. Down. Well done. You, too.  I only wounded her.  You brought her down. That's what matters. A fine shot. Wasn't it, Reek?  A fine shot, master. My lady.  Please, my lord. It hurts.  Oh, sweet. Don't cry. It will be over soon. MYRANDA notches another arrow at takes aim.  She thinks she's pretty. Let me put one through her face.  We have to reward the hounds, love. They did all the hard work.  Why? I did whatever you asked.  But you made Myranda feel jealous. MYRANDA lowers her bow, a bit taken aback.  Me jealous of her?  My lord, please.  You can see that your presence has become a bit of a problem. RAMSAY turns from jaunty to ferocious.  Rip her! Rip her! Rip her! Off camera, the dogs tear into TANSY. She screams. THEON watches, dejected and powerless. Sounds of ripping flesh and TANSY screaming fill the woods.  Not so pretty now. TANSY's screams have stopped, but the sounds of ripping flesh continue. THEON struggles to hold back tears. PODRICK serves sausages to TYRION. JAIME sits at the table, uncomfortably.  Your new hand, it's nicer than the old one. Wouldn't you agree, Pod?  Is it solid gold?  Gilded steel.  You're not eating. Why is no one eating? My wife wastes away and my brother starves himself.  I'm not hungry.  You lost a hand, not a stomach. Try the boar. Cersei can't get enough of it since one killed Robert for her. TYRION raises his cup.  A toast. To the proud Lannister children. The dwarf, the cripple, and the mother of madness. JAIME moves to raise his own cup, but knocks it over clumsily with is left hand.  Oh!  I'll clean it up.  No, I'll do it. Leave us. PODRICK exits, while JAIME places his cup right-side up.  It's only wine. He holds up his own cup and pours it out onto the table. JAIME sits back in resignation. TYRION stands and pours more wine.  I can't fight anymore.  What about your left?  I can hold a sword, but all my instincts are wrong. How can I protect the king when I can hardly wipe my own ass?  You're the Lord Commander now. Command. Let others do the fighting. When was the last time Father used a sword?  I'm not Father. I'm the Kingslayer. When people find out I can't slay a pigeon...  Train, then. Learn to fight with your other hand. TYRION sits back down.  With whom? You? Men talk. Soon as someone discovers I can't fight, he'll tell everyone.  You need a proper, discreet swordsman. As it happens, I have just the one. BRONN appears, carrying some swords. He joins JAIME, who sits by the shore.  My brother tells me you can keep your mouth shut. Unusual talent for a sellsword.  He tells me you shit gold just like your father.  Is this place safe? JAIME tosses a pouch of gold to BRONN.  There's this knight, Leygood, got thunderbolts on his shield.  Uh-huh.  Right here is where I fuck his wife. She's a screamer, that one. If they don't hear her, they won't hear us. BRONN pockets the gold. JAIME gets his sword, and spins it in his wrist to warm it. BRONN whistles in admiration.  I've never seen Valyrian steel before. She's a beauty. The problem is, if you fight with an edged blade, I'll have to. BRONN stands, holding two sparring swords.  And if I fight with an edged blade, I'll have no one left to pay me. He drops one to the ground, clattering, and continues to walk forward.  I haven't used a sparring sword since I was nine. JAIME walks to the sparring sword, indignant. He reaches for it, but BRONN slaps his hand with his sword, just as he grabs it.  Ah! Bold warrior you are, attacking a man when his guard's down.  Best time to attack a man. BRONN swings at JAIME, who parries clumsily. BRONN pushes him, and JAIME falters to the wall.  Mind yourself. JAIME; If I still had my right hand...  Plan on growing it back? They engage in swordplay. JAIME parries defensively, but well. However, BRONN gets him off balance again and causes him to stumble with a forearm nudge. JAIME recovers and faces him. JAIME pants and resets.  Come on, then. JAIME makes an awkward attack, and they continue. Some riders gallops down the Dreadfort road,  Open the gates! The men swing open the door and the riders enter.  Riders coming in! Let's get these horses seen to! RAMSAY stands to greet the riders. ROOSE BOLTON and WALDA dismount and approach.  Father. Welcome home.  Walda, this is Ramsay Snow, my bastard. RAMSEY steps forward to greet her, warmly smiling.  A pleasure, Mother. RAMSAY kisses her cheek. WALDA smiles awkwardly.  Hello.  See that the horses are fed, watered, and rubbed down. And take Lady Walda to her chambers.  This way, my lady. WALDA and the WOMAN exit.  Where is your prize?  With the hounds. I'll have a look at him. ROOSE exits, and RAMSAY greets LOCKE. They walk together  I hear you took a hand from the Kingslayer.  Word travels. How he screamed. You would have loved it.  (laughs) ROOSE sits down by the fire, aching and exhausted from the ride. RAMSAY and THEON enter. A MAN stands in the background, sharpening a shaving razor against a strop.  Father. ROOSE rises to inspect THEON.  What did you do to him?  I trained him. He was a slow learner, but he learned.  You flayed him.  Peeled a few bits. Removed a few others.  This was Balon Greyjoy's son and heir.  We've been flaying our enemies for 1,000 years. The flayed man is on our banners.  My banners, not yours. You're not a Bolton. You're a Snow. Tywin Lannister has given me the North. But he won't lift a finger to help me take it. As long as the ironborn hold Moat Cailin, our armies are trapped south of the Neck. Theon was a valuable hostage, not your plaything. I wanted to trade him for Moat Cailin.  I already asked. Lord Greyjoy refused. Savages have no...  You sent terms to Balon Greyjoy without my consent?  You made me acting Lord of the Dreadfort. I acted.  I had to smuggle myself into my own lands thanks to the Greyjoys. I needed Theon. I needed him whole.  Theon was our enemy. But Reek, Reek will never betray us.  I placed far too much trust in you.  Reek, how could you let me stand before my father unshaven? It's disrespectful.  I'm sorry, my lord.  Give him the razor. RAMSAY sits.  If I'm not a Bolton, Father, what does it matter? THEON stakes the razor and the shaving cream.  Go on, Reek. A nice close shave. THEON lathers RAMSAY's face and begins to shave it carefully.  Reek, tell Father where are Bran and Rickon Stark?  I don't know, my lord.  You murdered them and displayed their corpses at Winterfell.  Reek, did you murder the Stark boys?  No, my lord. Just two farm boys.  And crisped them so no one would know.  Yes, my lord.  The Starks have always ruled the North. If Bran and Rickon are alive, the country will rally to their side now that Robb Stark is gone. THEON continues to shave RAMSAY and holds the razor on RAMSAY's throat. RAMSAY goads him.  Oh, that's right, Reek. Robb Stark is dead. Sorry. I know he was like a brother to you. But my father put a knife through his heart. How do you feel about that? THEON's hand twitches, and he struggles with himself. Then he continues to shave RAMSAY slowly.  You ready for a hunt?  Always. Find those boys and I'll give you 1,000 acres and a holdfast.  Your pet rat have any thoughts on which way they went after Winterfell?  Jon Snow is at Castle Black.  Who the fuck is Jon Snow?  Their bastard brother. He could be sheltering them. He may know where they are. RAMSEY stands, cleanly shaven.  Even if he doesn't, he's half Stark himself. Could be a threat.  You want to prove yourself a Bolton? Gather whatever men you can and ride for Moat Cailin. Bring this creature of yours. Maybe he'll be of some use. Take the Moat for the family, for our family, and I'll reconsider your position. TYRION and PODRICK meet VARYS.  Lord Varys. Breakfasting with the king?  I'm afraid foreigners aren't welcome at such exclusive affairs.  Oh, to be foreign.  Ahem. PODRICK stands aside as TYRION and VARYS head down a more secluded path.  Shae has been noticed. Sansa's maid saw you with her. She already told your sister. It's only a matter of time before your father hears.  So I'm guilty of being seen with my own wife's handmaiden. My father will ask you if there's anything more and you'll tell him some clever lie.  No, I will not. How long do you imagine your father and sister would let me live if they suspected me of lying? I have no pet sellsword to protect me. No legendary brother to avenge me. Only little birds who whisper in my ear.  Forgive me if I don't weep for you.  No one weeps for spiders or whores. I have friends across the sea who could help her.  She won't leave. I've told her this is a dangerous place so many times, she no longer believes it.  Your father has promised to hang the next whore he finds you with. Have you ever known your father to make an idle threat? VARYS bows and leaves. TYRION fumes. SANSA, TYRION, JOFFREY, TYWIN, CERSEI, TOMMEN and PYCELLE sit at an outdoor banquet table. MACE TYRELL stands before them.  From House Tyrell and the people of the Reach, Your Grace, it is my honor to present you with this wedding cup. He places the up before JOFFREY.  May you and my daughter Margaery drink deep and live long.  A handsome goblet, my lord. Or shall I call you Father?  I shall be honored, Your Grace. MACE bows and exits. SHAE brings a tray to the table and sets it before SANSA.  She's the whore I told you about. The dark-haired one. SHAE exits.  Have her brought to the Tower of the Hand before the wedding. TYRION looks concerned. PODRICK places a large tome before JOFFREY and TYRION walks to the front of the table  A book?  "The Lives of Four Kings." Grand Maester Kaeth's history of the reigns of Daeron the Young Dragon, Baelor the Blessed, Aegon the Unworthy, and Daeron the Good. A book every king should read. JOFFREY is at a loss for words. TYWIN entreats him to respond.  Now that the war is won, we should all find time for wisdom. Thank you, Uncle. TYRION bows. SHAE watches. The MOUNTAIN brings forth a sword and lays it on the table before JOFFREY. TYWIN stands.  One of only two Valyrian steel swords in the capital, Your Grace, freshly forged in your honor. Excitedly, JOFFREY walks around the table. Exuberantly, he unsheaths the sword.  Careful, Your Grace. Nothing cuts like Valyrian steel.  So they say. JOFFREY steps away, then spins and cleaves the book that TYRION just gave him, repeatedly. People gasp in response. JOFFREY is very pleased.  Such a great sword should have a name. What shall I call her?  Stormbringer.  Terminus.  Widow's Wail.  Wolfsbane. -  Widow's Wail. I like that. Every time I use it, it'll be like cutting off. Ned Stark's head all over again. JOFFREY sheaths the sword. SANSA looks dejected. He sits down next to MACE and SHAE continues to look on. The door opens and SHAE walks in, smiling.  Don't.  You want me on the desk? What's wrong, my lion?  Don't call me that.  What should I call you?  I'm afraid our friendship can't continue.  Our friendship?  There's a ship waiting in the harbor bound for Pentos.  What? You'll have your own cabin, of course, and across the Narrow Sea a house, servants.  What is this?  I'm a married man. My wife has suffered a great deal, as you well know. I don't want her to suffer anymore on my account. I need to uphold my vows.  She doesn't want you.  I need to do right by her.  You don't want her.  By our children.  What are you afraid of?  I'm not afraid.  You are. You are afraid of your father and your sister. You're going to run from them all your life? I need you to leave.  I'm not afraid of them. I'm not going to run.  Shae.  We will fight them together. It's like you said, I am yours and you are mine.  You're a whore! Sansa is fit to bear my children and you are not. I can't be in love with a whore. I can't have children with a whore. How many men have you been with? 500? 5,000?  How many whores have you been with?  I have enjoyed my time with all of them and I have enjoyed my time with you most of all. But now that time is over. TYRION walks over and opens the door. SHAE sobs. BRONN enters.  You'll have a comfortable life in Pentos. Bronn will escort you to your ship. SHAE continues to sob. BRONN clasps her shoulder to lead her out. She turns quickly and slaps him, then storms off, crying. BRONN looks to TYRION, then exits. TYRION walks to the table and violently slaps his cup to the ground. A woman screams. A line of men are bound on top of unlit bonfires, including AXELL FLORENT. The soldiers mill about, carrying torches.  Hear us now. Accept these tokens of our faith, my lord, and lead us from the darkness.  Sire, I served you well. The crowd chants along with MELISANDRE  Lord of Light, show us the way...  Selyse, you're my sister!  (Chanting with the others) Yours are the stars that guide us.  Tell him! Tell him!  Lord of Light, protect us, for the night is dark and full of terrors. The bonfires ignite quickly. The men scream in agony and die.  (to STANNIS) Did you see? Their souls. It was their souls. Our lord took them. Did you see? STANNIS leaves without responding. DAVOS trails him.  Lord Florent was your brother by law. STANNIS; He was an infidel.  He worshipped the gods of his fathers and their fathers before him. They were the gods of your fathers, too.  I ordered him to tear down his idols. He disobeyed.  How many ships did he bring to your 'cause? How many men?  A good deal more than you. STANNIS exits and SELYSE catches up, accompanied by MELISANDRE.  Did you see, Ser Davos? They're with our lord now. Their sins all burned away. Did you see?  I'm sure they're more than grateful, my queen. MELISANDRE walks past DAVOS and he watches, silently. Stannis sits at table with SELYSE and MELISANDRE.  Meat's off.  Our larders are almost empty.  Serve fish, then. We're on an island.  You hate fish.  I hate a good many things, but I suffer them all the same.  (to MELISANDRE) When Storm's End was under siege and I was starving, Stannis boiled soup for me from books. The binding glue is made from horses. One morning, he shot two seagulls on the beach. I've never tasted anything as good as grilled seagull. Do you remember?  Of course I remember.  Have you ever known true hunger, my lady?  It's all I knew when I was a child.  Until you found the Lord of Light?  Until he found me.  I fear for our daughter's soul.  Every mother should fear for her child's soul.  She's a stubborn little beast.  She's a child.  You barely know her. You think she's sweet because she smiles when you visit. She's sullen and stubborn and sinful. Why else would the Lord of Light have seen fit to mark her face? She needs the rod.  She's my daughter. You will not strike her.  As you command. Perhaps the Lady Melisandre could speak with her. A knock on the door.  Come in. MELISANDRE enters.  Were you sleeping, Princess?  (Shakes her head)  Did you watch the ceremony on the beach?  I heard it.  And it frightened you?  Ser Axell was my uncle. He was always kind to me.  They're in a better place now, Princess. The fire cleansed them of the sins of the world.  But they screamed.  Women scream when they give birth. Afterward they are filled with joy.  Afterward they aren't ash and bone.  You have so many questions, don't you? So did I when I was a child. I was much like you. Only I wasn't a princess.  And you didn't have this.  No. But I suffered in other ways, sweet girl, believe me. What do you know of the gods?  I read "The Seven-Pointed Star." MELISANDRE sits next to SHIREEN to comfort her.  Lies and fables. Septons speak of seven gods. There are but two... a god of light and love and joy and a god of darkness, evil, and fear. Eternally at war.  There are no seven heavens and no seven hells?  There's only one hell, Princess. The one we live in now. Heavy breathing as the camera pans through the snowy woods. Suddenly, the camera lurches forward and comes upon a deer and the camera attacks viciously, a wolf's hunt from the predator's point of view.  Hodor.  Why did you wake me?  You've been gone for hours.  I was hungry.  We're all hungry.  I was just eating.  Summer was eating. Your body can't live on the food your wolf consumes. Spending too much time in Summer's skin is dangerous. You're not a direwolf, Bran. BRAN eats some morsels given to him by MEERA.  Must be glorious, though. To run, to leap, to hunt. To be whole. I know that's tempting, but if you're trapped in Summer for too long, you'll forget what it was to be human.  You'd forget us, Bran. You'd forget your mother and father. You'd forget your brothers and sisters. You'd forget Winterfell. You'd forget you. And if we lose you, we lose everything. HODOR pulls BRAN through the woods on a sled. MEERA and JOJEN walk beside them. A wolf barks. They pause and BRAN turns to see his wolf, Summer.  Hodor, take me to the tree. HODOR carries BRAN to the base of the tree, sets him down and steps back. The bark seems to have twisted into a human face. BRAN touches it and launches into a vision of the Godswood, a THREE-EYED RAVEN, a sword, NED STARK's worried face, the Godswood again. Time speeds forward.  Look for me... beneath the tree. The THREE-EYED RAVEN lands on the branch of a Godswood. A storm of crows flies into a standing BRAN. A castle interior, an undead horse,  He saw us. BRAN falls from the Winterfell tower. A dragon's shadow sweeps over King's Landing.  North. BRAN gasps and releases his hand from the twisted face on the tree. The vision has ended. MEERA and JOJEN approach.  I know where we have to go. MARGAERY and MACE walk down the aisle. MACE hands her to JOFFREY. The pair continue up the steps to the HIGH SEPTON. He places a cape over her shoulders. They clasp hands and they bar bound together.  Let it be known that Margaery of House Tyrell and Joffrey of the Houses Lannister and Baratheon are one heart, one flesh, one soul. Cursed be he who would seek to tear them asunder.  With this kiss, I pledge my love. JOFFREY and MARGAERY kiss. The crowd applauds.  We have a new queen.  Better her than you. TYWIN and OLENNA talk in the garden as the wedding guests filter out.  Bit much, wouldn't you say?  It feels proportionate.  Proportionate to what?  The expected extravagance.  People who spend their money on this sort of nonsense tend not to have it for long.  You ought to try enjoying something before you die. You might find it suits you. MACE approaches and ties to join them.  Not now, Mace. Lord Tywin and I are speaking. TYWIN and OLENNA continue, while MACE rears back.  Anyway, I don't know what you're complaining about. I'm paying my share.  Shall we stick golden roses in half the meat pies to commemorate your generosity?  No, your heartfelt thank-you is it's own reward. I would imagine I'd be hearing it again before long. Wars are rather expensive. "The Iron Bank will have it's due." How they love to remind everyone. Almost as much as you Lannisters with your debts.  I'm not worried about the Iron Bank.  We both know you're smarter than that. Come, Tywin, let us celebrate young love. CUT TO; The wedding reception. Jugglers and firebreathers, some on stilts, entertain the crowd. BRONN, TYRION and PODRICK walk among the tables.  All taken care of.  You saw her board the ship?  Aye, she's on it.  You saw the ship sail away?  No one knows she's there but you, me, and Varys.  How do you know?  Because if someone follows me without an invitation, I'm the last person they ever follow.  There's someone following you? BRONN turns and clasps TYRION's shoulder.  She's gone. I know you don't want to believe it, but she is. Now, go drink till it feels like you did the right thing. BRONN exits. TYRION and PODRICK walk through the party. They encounter OBERYN and ELLARIA.  Hello.  Hello.  Not you. OBERYN and ELLARIA are enthralled by a contortionist. TYRION and PODRICK walk on. JOFFREY watches the party. OLENNA approaches SANSA.  You look exquisite, child. The wind has been at you, though. I haven't had the opportunity to tell you how sorry I was to hear about your brother. War is war, but killing a man at a wedding, horrid. What sort of monster would do such a thing? As if men need more reasons to fear marriage. TYRION enters and sits.  My lady. My lady.  Lord Tyrion, you see? Not as bad as all that. Perhaps if your pauper husband were to sell his mule and his last pair of shoes, he might be able to afford to bring you to Highgarden for a visit. Now that peace has come and all is right with the world, it would do you good to see some of it. You must excuse me. It's time I ate some of this food I paid for.  A coat of gold / Or a coat of red / A lion still has claws And mine, my lord... MARGAERY is enjoying the performance, but JOFFREY is bored. He stands and throws some coins to them.  Very good. Very good. Off you go. The musicians scrabble to pick up the coins, and depart quickly. MARGAERY moves to calm JOFFREY. CERSEI watches jealously, TOMMEN at her side. MARGAERY; My love, why don't we make the announcement? JOFFREY stands and clanks his goblet for attention.  Everyone. The queen would like to say a few words. The crowd applauds as JOFFREY sits and MARGAERY stands.  We are so fortunate to enjoy this marvelous food and drink. Not all among us are so lucky. To thank the gods for bringing the recent war to a just end, King Joffrey has decreed that the leftovers from our feast be given to the poorest in his city. The crowd applauds, and JOFFREY adores it. CERSEI comes over to MARGAERY.  You're an example to us all. CERSEI kisses her on each cheek. LORAS stands in the distance, and catches OBERYN's eye as he cuddles with ELLARIA. LORAS accidentally backs into JAIME.  Ser Jaime, I'm very sorry.  Ser Loras, it's quite all right. Your sister looks very beautiful.  As does yours.  So, looking forward to your wedding?  Yes, very much.  Our fathers are both rather keen on the prospect.  They certainly are.  Perhaps they should get married. If you were to marry Cersei, she'd murder you in your sleep. If you somehow managed to put a child in her first, she'd murder him, too, long before he drew his first breath. Luckily for you, none of this will happen because you'll never marry her.  And neither will you. LORAS pats JAIME on the shoulder, and exits. BRIENNE approaches the head table, and bows.  Your Grace. My king. - My queen. MARGAERY stands and shakes her hand.  Lady Brienne. So good of you to come.  I'm no lady, Your Grace.  Did you just bow?  Apologies, Your Grace. I never did master the curtsy.  You're the one who put a sword through Renly Baratheon.  That's not true, my love. Brienne had nothing to do with it.  A shame. I'd knight the man that put an end to that deviant's life.  I just wanted to congratulate you both and wish you good fortune. The country has been at war too long. I hope your reign is long and peaceful.  Yes, yes.  Thank you. I hope we see more of you. BRIENNE departs, and the camera follows her. CERSEI intercepts her.  Lady Brienne. You're Lord Selwyn Tarth's daughter. That makes you a lady whether you want to be or not.  As you say, Your Grace.  I owe you my gratitude. You returned my brother safely to King's Landing.  In truth, he rescued me, Your Grace. More than once.  Did he? Haven't heard that story before.  Not such a fascinating story, I'm afraid.  I'm sure you have many fascinating stories. Sworn to Renly Baratheon. Sworn to Catelyn Stark. And now my brother. Must be exciting to flit from one camp to the next serving whichever lord or lady you fancy.  I don't serve your brother, Your Grace.  But you love him. BREINNE does not answer.  Your Grace. BRIENNE exits, and JAIME notices their conversation. CUT TO; The head table. PYCELLE has cornered a maid.  No, no, come to my chambers and I will examine you personally.  She'll do no such thing.  Oh, Your Grace. Yes, well, this young lady sought my advice...  You should see Qyburn. He's quite good.  Your Grace. The MAID exits.  Qyburn? Deplorable man. Brought shame on the Citadel with his repugnant experiments.  More repugnant than your gnarled fingers on that girl's thighs?  Your Grace, I am a man of learning.  My little brother had you sent to the Black Cells when you annoyed him. What do you think I could do to you if you annoyed me?  I never meant to annoy anyone.  But you are. You annoy me right now. Every breath you draw in my presence annoys me. So here's what I want you to do. I want you to leave my presence. Leave this wedding right now. Go to the kitchens and instruct them that all the leftovers from the feast will be brought to the kennels.  Your Grace, Queen Margaery...  The queen is telling you the leftovers will feed the dogs or you will. PYCELLE exits, and CERSEI smiles.  the head table, where JOFFREY and MARGAERY watch a fool juggling. Once again, JOFFREY is not amused. He stands.  A gold dragon to whoever knocks my fool's hat off. The fool is suddenly pelted with food, and he runs off. CERSEI and TYWIN enter.  You're in rather a good mood.  I suppose I am.  I won't ask why.  Small pleasures. OBERYN and ELLARIA enter.  Your Grace. Lord Tywin.  Prince Oberyn.  I don't believe you have met Ellaria. This is the Lord Hand Tywin Lannister and Cersei Lannister the Queen Regent. I suppose it is former Queen Regent now. Lord Hand and Lady Cersei, Ellaria Sand.  My lord. My lady.  Charmed.  Can't say I've ever met a Sand before.  We are everywhere in Dorne. I have 10,000 brothers and sisters.  Bastards are born of passion, aren't they? We don't despise them in Dorne.  No? How tolerant of you.  I expect it is a relief, Lady Cersei, giving up your regal responsibilities. Wearing the crown for so many years must have left your neck a bit crooked.  I suppose you'll never know, Prince Oberyn. It's a shame your older brother couldn't attend the wedding.  Please give him our regards. With any luck, the gout will abate with time and he will be able to walk again.  They call it the rich man's disease. A wonder you don't have it.  Noblemen in my part of the country don't enjoy the same lifestyle as our counterparts in Dorne.  People everywhere have their differences. In some places the highborn frown upon those of low birth. In other places the rape and murder of women and children is considered distasteful. What a fortunate thing for you, former Queen Regent, that your daughter Myrcella has been sent to live in the latter sort of place. JOFFREY taps his goblet.  Everyone, silence! Clear the floor. There's been too much amusement here today. A royal wedding is not an amusement. A royal wedding is history. The time has come for all of us to contemplate our history. My lords... my ladies... A lever is pulled. A giant lion's mouth opens. A red carpet rolls down.  I give you. King Joffrey... Renly, Stannis, Robb Stark, Balon Greyjoy. The War of the Five Kings. Five dwarves come down from the lion's mouth, each dressed as one of the five kings. They run about, playing their roles with comic glee. The crowd applauds. JOFFREY is very pleased. TYRION, less so.  I'm the rightful king.  King in the North!  Yes!  Traitor. You're a traitor.  For the Seven Kingdoms! The dwarves line up on the stage.  Let the war begin. The crowd applauds. RENLY DWARF starts the prance about the stage.  Renly, you're no king.  Away, degenerate. Away. Away.  Ooh, careful.  Go on.  I want you to be my prince. Stannis! STANNIS DWARF and RENLY DWARF feign some indecent acts. LORAS leaves in disgust.  Who's got the gold now, Stark?  I am the rightful king.  Challenge me, ruffian.  Take that. -  I'm drowning. I'm drowning.  I am the King in the North! TYRION and SANSA are not amused. JOFFREY DWARF shoots and arrow and hits STANNIS DWARF.  Not wildfire! The crowd applauds. STANNIS DWARF runs off the stage, crying.  Pay each of them 20 gold when this is done.  Yes, my lord.  We'll have to find another way to thank the king. JOFFREY is enjoying the spectacle, but MARGAERY is not. JOFFREY DWARF and ROBB DWARF are having a stand off.  Charge! They run past one another without landing a blow.  Ready, again.  I am the King in the North! - Charge!  Charge! Yes! This time, JOFFREY DWARD knocks off ROBB DWARF"s wolf helmet.  Your head! SANSA is mortified. JOFFREY laughs hysterically while MARGAERY looks at him, appalled. ROBB DWARF falls. The crowd applauds. JOFFREY DWARF claims victory. JOFFREY grabs his golbet. JOFFREY DWARF feigns sodomizing the wolf head. SANSA is motionless. JOFFREY spits out his wine, laughing.  Fine gentlemen. The players take their bow and the crowd applauds. JOFFREY stands.  Well fought. Well fought. Here you are. Champion's purse. Though you're not the champion yet, are you? A true champion defeats all the challengers. Surely there are others out there who still dare to challenge my reign. Uncle How about you? I'm sure they have a spare costume. The crowd laughs. Tyrion stands.  One taste of combat was enough for me, Your Grace. I would like to keep what remains of my face. I think you should fight him. This was but a poor imitation of your own bravery on the field of battle. I speak as a firsthand witness. Climb down from the high table with your new Valyrian sword and show everyone how a true king wins his throne. Be careful, though. This one is clearly mad with lust. It would be a tragedy for the king to lose his virtue hours before his wedding night. TYRION sits, and JOFFREY is angered at his insults. The crowd quiets. JOFFREY walks over and pours his wine on TYRION's head. MARGAERY sits motionless.  A fine vintage. Shame that it spilled.  It did not spill.  My love, come back to me. It's time for my father's toast.  Well, how does he expect me to toast without wine? Uncle, you can be my cupbearer seeing as you're too cowardly to fight.  Your Grace does me a great honor.  It's not meant as an honor. TYRION stands and walks over to JOFFREY, who purposely drops his goblet. As TYRION tried to pick it up, he kicks it away.  Bring me my goblet. TYRION kneels down to get the goblet. SANSA watches JOFFREY. She picks up the goblet and hands it to TYRION. He brings it to JOFFREY.  What good is an empty cup? Fill it. TYRION pours wine for JOFFREY in front of CERSEI, and hands it to him.  Kneel. Kneel before your king. TYRION does not budge.  Kneel. I said... kneel!  (Standing) Look, the pie. The crowd applauds, and the attention turns to the giant pie carried in by four men.  My queen. JOFFREY strides forward, and hews the pie with his sword. To his surprise, doves are released from the pie. He looks triumphant.  Wonderful. Wonderful. My hero. The pie is served to the guests.  Can we leave now?  Let's find out. MARGAERY feeds a forkful of pie to JOFFREY.  Uncle. Where are you going? You're my cupbearer, remember?  I thought I might change out of these wet clothes, Your Grace.  No, no, no. No, you're perfect the way you are. Serve me my wine. TYRION looks to SANSA.  Well, hurry up. This pie is dry. TYRION and fumes has he gets the goblet for JOFFREY. JOFFREY drinks deeply.  Mm, good. Needs washing down.  If it please Your Grace, Lady Sansa is very tired.  No. (coughing) No, you'll wait here... un... JOFFREY grabs his own throat, choking.  Your Grace?  It's nothing.  He's choking!  Help the poor boy. JOFFREY turns towards the crowd, choking and staggering.  Idiots, help your king. -  Move away! JAIME runs to JOFFREY, as he vomits.  Joffrey! Joffrey! CERSEI runs to them.  Help him! Someone help him!  (gags)  Joffrey!  (to SANSA) Come with me now.  Joffrey! Joffrey! TYRION and MARGAERY watch, aghast. CERSEI and JAIME continue to try to help JOFFREY.  If you want to live, we have to leave.  Don't touch him! JOFFREY gurgles and chokens. His face is turning purple, his eyes glazed, vomit lining his cheeks. He spasms.  Joffrey. Please, Joffrey. Joffrey, what is it? Help him! Blood streams out of JOFFREY's nose. He convulses painfully. CERSEI cries as she watches him. He reaches a hand out towards TYRION, who at that moment picks up the goblet from before him. JOFFREY gaps a final time as blood continues to stream from his nose, his face a horrid shade of purple. He dies.  My son.  He's gone. Our king is gone.  He did this. He poisoned my son, your king. Take him. Take him! Take him! Take him! Two guards grab TYRION. CERSEI looks upon the lifeless body of JOFFREY. The camera pans up to the hold of a sword hewn from Valeryan steel. Tywin draws it and hands it to a blacksmith, who knocks its hilt off with a hammer, and then places the blade into the forge. It melts into molten sludge and is then recast into two swords. Tywin throws the carcass of a wolf into the fire.  Magnificent.  Mm-hmm.  Looks fresh-forged.  It is.  No one's made a Valyrian steel sword since the Doom of Valyria.  There are three living smiths who know how to rework Valyrian steel. The finest of them was in Volantis. Came here to King's Landing at my invitation.  Where did you get this much Valyrian steel?  From someone who no longer had need of it. JAIME nods and hefts the blade.  You've wanted one of these in the family for a long time.  And now we have two.  Two?  The original weapon was absurdly large. Plenty of steel for two swords.  Well, thank you. It's glorious. JAIME attempts to sheath the sword into the cover lying on the table, but fails awkwardly. TYWIN starts as the sheath bobbles.  You'll have to train your left hand.  Any decent swordsman knows how to use both hands.  You'll never be as good.  No. But as long as I'm better than everyone else, I suppose it doesn't matter.  You can't serve in the Kingsguard with one hand.  Where's that written? I can and I will. The Kingsguard oath is for life.  The war is over. The king is safe. The king is never safe.  How many people in this city alone would love to see his head on a pike?  Other knights protected the king while you were a prisoner. They will continue to do so when you go home.  Home?  You'll return to Casterly Rock and rule in my stead. You are the Lord of Casterly Rock.  I am the King's Hand. My place is here. I don't expect to see the Rock again before I die.  You know what they call me? Kingslayer. Oathbreaker. Man without honor. Now you want me to break another sacred vow.  You won't be breaking anything. There is a precedent to relieve a Kingsguard of his duties. The king will exercise that prerogative.  No.  No?  No.  I don't believe I asked you a question.  There's my answer.  If you think your bloody honor comes before...  My bloody honor is beyond repair, but my answer is still no. I don't want Casterly Rock. I don't want a wife. I don't want children.  What do you want?  Supper would be nice.  For 40 years I've tried to teach you. If you haven't learned by now, you never will. Go. If serving as a glorified bodyguard is the sum of your ambition, go serve.  I suppose you want the sword back.  Keep it. JAIME grabs the sword.  A one-handed man with no family needs all the help he can get. JAIME picks up the sword and exits TYRION, PODRICK and BRONN stand on a road leading to King's Landing. BRONN holds a sigil with both stag and lion. Commoners dot the road in their daily routine. A peasant leads two reluctant, bleating goats past them.  How many Dornishmen does it take to fuck a goat?  Please don't.  Seems to me the smart place to meet travelers is in a tavern. That way, one party is late, the other party can drink some ale inside.  This is the Prince of Dorne we're waiting for, not one of your sellsword friends.  If he's so damned important, how come they sent you to meet him?  There's bad blood between the Martells of Dorne and the Lannisters of Casterly Rock. Has been for years.  And just in case the Martells of Dorne are looking to spill some Lannister blood, it may as well be yours, eh?  No need for cynicism. I happen to be an accomplished diplomat.  Oh. Hoofbeats approach.  Ah, here we are. TYRION claps.  Can you read the sigils?  Yellow balls?  Wild lemons on a purple field, House Dalt of Lemonwood. A vulture grasping a baby in it's talons, House Blackmont. A crowned skull, the Manwoodys of Kingsgrave.  Boy knows his Dornish Houses.  I need a sigil.  And House Martell, a red sun pierced by a spear?  I don't see it, my lord. TYRION nods and steps foward to greet th first Dornish lords that approach on horsebak.  Well met, my lords. His Grace King Joffrey welcomes you in his name. My lord father, the King's Hand, sends his greetings as well. I am Tyrion Lannister of Casterly Rock, Master of Coin. Forgive me. I don't see Prince Doran in your company.  The prince's health forces him to remain at Sunspear. He sends his brother Prince Oberyn to attend the royal wedding in his stead.  (Nods.) Yes, the king will be delighted to enjoy the company of a warrior as renowned as Prince Oberyn at his wedding feast.  Will he?  And where is Prince Oberyn?  Arrived before dawn. Not a man for welcome parties, our prince.  Very well. My lords, these fine men from the City Watch will escort you to your quarters in the Red Keep. The Dornish lords advance rudely, before TYRION can finish his welcome.  You must be weary after such a long journey. TYRION, BRONN and PODRICK must step aside to make way. PODRICK struggles with his sigil. They begin walking back to the city.  Some accomplished diplomacy that was. Now where?  We must find Prince Oberyn before he kills somebody or several somebodies.  How do you plan on finding a single Dornishman in a city this big?  You're famous for fucking half of Westeros. You just arrived at the capital after two weeks of bad roads, where would you go?  I'd probably go to sleep, but I'm getting old. OBERYN walks behind a row of prostitutes, taking their measure. He comes around to face them, walking past OLYVAR. ELLARIA lounges behind him, as he decides upon WHORE #1.  Look at this one. How lovely is she?  Beautiful. But pale.  They like them pale in the capital. Shows they don't work the fields. OBERYN removes her tunic. Do I frighten you?  (Shakes her head no, looking down. )  You like?  Timid. Timid bores me. OBERYN moves to WHORE #2, the next in line. She has been meeting the gaze of the Dornish visitors.  You're a bit of mischief, aren't you? WHORE #1, scuttles shyly to dress herself.  I think she likes you. ELLARIA" She has good taste.  You're not timid, are you? WHORE #2 saunters forward, smirking, and acrobatically balances on her left foot while pulling her right foot behind her to touch her head.  (Laughs) Not timid.  Do you like women?  When they look like her, my lord.  This one will do nicely.  Very good, my lady.  Oh, I'm not a lady.  A term of courtesy in this establishment.  A lie anywhere. Why not use the right words? I'm a bastard. She is a whore. And you're what? A procurer.  Any of the others?  The two girls can leave. OLYVAR snaps his fingers and turns to leave.  You stay.  I'm afraid I'm not an offer, my lord.  Everyone who works for Littlefinger is an offer. Take off your clothes. We'll be here a while.  My lord.  I am a prince, boy. Have you ever been with a prince?  Can't say I have. I'm wildly expensive.  Take off your clothes. OBERYN, opens OLYVAR"s tunic and caresses him. Meanwhile ELLARIA and WHORE #2 are kissing and fondling one another.  Which way do you like it? OBERYN roughly grabs OLYVAR's cock.  (Gasps)  My way .  And so he spoke and so he spoke That Lord of Castamere. And now the rains OBERYN is perturbed by the singing.  Oberyn.  Weep o'er his hall... OBERYN moves towards the source of the singing.  Oberyn, don't. ELLARIA gets up and hands her wine to WHORE #2 and follows OBERYN, concerned. MORGAN and MORGAN'S FRIEND sit entangled with their prostitutes. One of them is singing.  With no one there to hear Yes, not the rains weep o'er his hall And not a soul to hear. OBERYN enters.  You lost, friend?  Forgive me for staring. I don't see many Lannisters where I'm from.  I don't see many Dornishmen in the capital.  We don't like the smell. (Laughs) ELLARIA grabs OBERYN to persuade him to leave. OLYVAR enters behind them.  Come with me, lover.  Gods, look at this one.  Sirs, if you follow me, I'll arrange for a private room.  Why are you wasting a woman like this on a Dornishman? Bring him a shaved goat and a bottle of olive oil. (Laughs)  Do you know why all the world hates a Lannister? OBERYN walks towards the men. MORGAN and MORGAN"S FRIEND rise to his challenge, and their whores flee the room.  You think your gold and your lions and your gold lions make you better than everyone. May I tell you a secret? You're not a golden lion. You're just a pink little man who is far too slow on the draw. MORGAN grabs towards his weapon on the table, but OBERYN is faster. He pierces MORGAN's hand with his dagger, and traps it against the table.  (Screams) MORGAN'S FRIEND grabs the hilt of his blade and begins to draw.  Longsword is a bad option in close quarters. When I pull my blade, your friend starts bleeding. Quite a lot, I'm afraid. So many veins in the wrist. OBERYN twists the blade  (Groans)  He'll live if you get him help straightaway. So, decisions. MORGAN'S FRIEND ponders while MORGAN groans and OBERYN smiles devilishly. TYRION and BRONN enter swiftly.  Prince Oberyn, forgive the intrusion. We heard there might be... MORGAN'S FRIEND pops his sword back and OBERYN flicks his dagger free from the table, and MORGAN's hand. MORGAN lets out a cry of anguish and then he and his friend move away quickly.  trouble. ELLARIA moves to OBERYN, and caresses him.  Apologies, my love. MORGAN'S FRIEND helps MORGAN though the door to exit. OBERYN and ELLARIA kiss passionately. TYRION and BRONN exchange a puzzled look.  I'm here to welcome you to the capital. Reluctantly, OBERYN and ELLARIA release their embrace.  Ellaria Sand, my paramour. The king's own Uncle Imp. Tyrion, son of Tywin Lannister.  If there's anything I can do to make your stay...  What are you? His hired killer?  It started that way, aye. Now I'm a knight.  How did that come to pass?  Killed the right people, I suppose. OBERYN laughs. BRONN joins him.  We'll need a few more girls. Girls, yes? Comically, BRONN nods while TYRION shakes his head. OBERYN. You don't partake?  Oh, I partook. Now I'm married. ELLARIA continues to kiss OBERYN.  Prince Oberyn, if I may, a word in private? ELLARIA releases her embrace and OBERYN signals for her to go. The door opens and TYRION and OBERYN emerge.  Seems I visited the Lannister brothel by mistake.  Oh, they take all kinds.  Even Dornishmen.  The king is very grateful that you traveled all this way for his wedding.  Let us speak truth here. Joffrey is insulted. I am only the second son after all.  Well, speaking as a fellow second son, I have grown rather used to being the family insult.  (Chuckles)  Why did you come to King's Landing, Prince Oberyn?  I was invited to the royal wedding.  I thought we were speaking truth.  The last time I was in the capital was many years ago. Another wedding. My sister Elia and Rhaegar Targaryen, the Last Dragon. My sister loved him. She bore his children. Swaddled them, rocked them, fed them at her own breast. Elia wouldn't let the wet nurse touch them. And beautiful, noble Rhaegar Targaryen left her for another woman. That started a war and the war ended right here when your father's army took the city...  I wasn't actually present.  And butchered those children. My nephew and niece. Carved them up and wrapped them in Lannister cloaks. And my sister, you know what they did to her? TYRION's gaze is cast downward, so OBERYN takes his chin and meets his eyes.  I'm asking you a question.  I've heard rumors.  (Chuckles) So have I. The one I keep hearing is that Gregor Clegane the Mountain raped Elia and split her in half with his great sword.  I wasn't there. I don't know what happened.  If the Mountain killed my sister, your father gave the order. Tell your father I'm here. And tell him the Lannisters aren't the only ones who pay their debts. OBERYN exits and TYRION looks concerned. DAENERYS sits with DROGON nuzzling her, while VISERION and RHAEGAL fly in the distance. DAENERYS chuckles and strokes DROGON, soothing him. JORAH walks up. VISERION and RHAEGAL tussle in midair over a carcass, which lands before the rock where DAENERYS sits. The two dragons follow, fighting to claim the meat. DROGON rises to his haunches, and roars. The other dragons submit and DROGON moves to take the carcass. JORAH comes closer.  They're dragons, Khaleesi. They can never be tamed. Not even by their mother. The unsullied stand at the ready. DAENERYS and JORAH approach, followed by three Dothraki. They walk up tot join BARRISTAN SELMY and MISSANDEI in front of the troops.  Ser Barristan.  Your Grace.  Where's Daario Naharis? Where's Grey Worm?  Gambling, Your Grace.  Gambling? Annoyed, DAENERYS strides forward. MISSANDEI follows briskly. They walk between rows and rows of unsullied. The crowd bows in reverence as DAENERYS and MISSANDEI stride past.  Mhysa. Mhysa. Mhysa...  How long have they been at it?  Since midnight, Your Grace. They come upon DAARIO NAHARIS and GREY WORM, who sit cross legged facing one another. Each of them holds their arms extended straight before them, their weapons resting atop. Apparently, this is a game of endurance.  Ser Worm is stronger than he looks. But I can see his arms beginning to shake.  What's the prize to winning this stupid contest?  The honor of riding by your side on the road to Meereen.  That honor goes to Ser Jorah and Ser Barristan as neither of them kept me waiting this morning. You two will ride in the rear guard and protect the livestock. DAENERYS turns to leave, but neither of the men budge.  The last man holding his sword can find a new queen to fight for. DAARIO and GREY WORM drop their arms simultaneously. Their weapons fall to the sand. DAARIO groans, while MISSANDEI gives GREY WORM a look. DARIO nods to GREY WORM and they both stand.  (in valerian) You like this girl? Must be frustrating.  (in valerian) You are not a smart man, Daario Naharis.  (in valerian) I'd rather have no brains and two balls. DAARIO leaves, and GREY WORM watches, stretching his aching shoulders. MAREI stands in the background while. SHAE fills a plate from a garden banquet table, and places it before SANSA, who sits motionless.  You need to eat something. SANSA does not respond.  Pigeon pie.  No, thank you. SHAE looks back to the table for other options, and picks up SANSA's plate.  Lemon cakes?  No, thank you.  You love lemon cakes. TYRION enters.  Tell her she needs to eat.  My lady, you do need to eat.  I don't need to eat.  If I could have a moment alone with my wife. MAREI leaves, but SHAE stays. TYRION nodes, imploringly.  She needs to eat. SHAE exits and TYRION sits at the table with SANSA. He takes her hand.  I can't let you starve. SHAE looks back in anger.  I swore to protect you. SANSA looks away and removes her hand from Tyrion's.  My lady, I am your husband. Let me help you.  How can you help me?  I don't know, but I can try.  I lie awake all night staring at the canopy thinking about how they died.  I could get you essence of nightshade to help you sleep.  Do you know what they did to my brother? How they sewed his direwolf's head onto his body? And my mother. They say they cut her throat to the bone and threw her body in the river.  What happened to your family was a terrible crime. I didn't know your brother. He seemed like a good man, but I didn't know him. Your mother, on the other hand, I admired her. She wanted to have me executed, but I admired her. She was a strong woman. And she was fierce when it came to protecting her children. Sansa. Your mother would want you to carry on. You know it's true. SANSA stands, and TYRION does as well, in politeness.  Will you pardon me, my lord? I'd like to visit the godswood.  Of course. Of course. Prayer can be helpful, I hear.  I don't pray anymore. It's the only place I can go where people don't talk to me. SANSA exits and TYRION watches her go. Tyrion enters, and shuts the door. Shae lies in his bed.  My lion.  What are you doing?  What does it look like I'm doing? Come here.  How many times have I told you? You can't visit me here.  I know. I know. We have come to a dangerous place. Have you forgotten me? Do you know how long it's been?  Of course I haven't forgotten.  I want you. Don't you want me?  Things are a bit tense right now.  What things?  My nephew the king wants to murder me. My wife hates me because my father murdered her family. Oberyn Martell wants to murder everyone whose last name is Lannister.  You need to relax. SHAE takes TYRION's fingers into her mouth to moisten them, then places his hand under her dress.  Don't you want to relax? SHAE tries to kiss him, but TYRION removes his hand in defiance.  What's wrong?  I told you. It's not a good time.  It's never a good time. You have your child bride now.  Shae.  Do you love her?  Love her? I barely know her. She's a child. She despises me.  That's not an answer.  Of course I don't love her.  You tried to ship me away.  Ship you away?  Give me diamonds and make me disappear.  What in the world are you talking about?  If you want me to leave, just say it. Say it!  Shh. I don't know what you're talking about.  You want me to stay? TYRION does not respond. SHAE picks up her shoe and leaves in anger. MAREI is eavesdropping behind a column. QYBURN places a sleeve over the stump of JAIME's wrist. He then grabs a golden hand and pushes it onto Jaime's stump, twisting it into place. JAIME groans and grimaces.  (Groans)  A work of art, really. The craftsmanship is excellent. CERSEI pours wine in the foreground.  You like it so much, you're welcome to chop off your own hand and take it.  Such an ingrate. I spent days with the goldsmith - getting the details just right.  Days?  Better part of an afternoon. There, how does that feel? JAIME moves his metal hand around for effect.  Uh... a hook would be more practical.  Elegant, I think. QYBURN squeeze the hand firmly into place, and JAIME winces. QYBURN starts to depart but CERSEI intercepts him.  Thank you for your help with the other matter.  The symptoms have abated?  Gone completely. I am in your debt, Maester Qyburn.  Not a maester, Your Grace, but happy to help whenever I can. QYBURN turns to JAIME, who waves his fake hand meekly. QYBURN gives CERSEI one last look, and exits.  Odd little man.  I've grown rather fond of him. He's quite talented, you know?  What symptoms?  Symptoms that are not your concern.  You let him touch you?  You jealous?  I'm surprised. You never let Pycelle near you.  (Laughs) You think I'd let that old lecher put his hands on me? He smells like a dead cat.  I'm not sure I've ever smelled a dead cat.  Well, they smell like Pycelle.  You drink more than you used to.  Yes.  Why?  Let's see, you started a brawl in the streets with Ned Stark and disappeared from the capital. My husband died in a tragic hunting accident.  It must have been traumatic for you.  My only daughter was shipped off to Dorne. We suffered through a siege.  A rather short siege.  A rather short siege that I didn't expect to survive. And now I'm marrying my eldest son to a wicked little bitch from Highgarden while I'm supposed to marry her brother, a renowned pillow biter. So... JAIME sits beside her.  Father disowned me today.  He can't disown you. You're all he's got.  You're forgetting Tyrion.  You don't really plan on staying in the Kingsguard, do you? JAIME takes her hand.  Staying in the Kingsguard means I live right here in the Red Keep with you. He moves to kiss her.  Not now.  I want... Not now? When? I've been back for weeks. CERSEI does not answer.  Something's changed.  Everything's changed. You come back after all this time with no apologies and one hand and expect everything to be the same?  What do you want me to apologize for?  For leaving me.  You think I wanted to be taken prisoner?  Don't know what you wanted. You weren't here. You left me alone.  Every day I was a prisoner, I plotted my escape. Every day. I murdered people so I could be here with you.  You took too long.  I... What are you saying?  I'm saying you took too long. There is a knocking at the door.  Come in.  Go away. MAREI enters.  Forgive me, Your Grace. You told me to come at once if there was anything important. YGRITTE sits fletching arrows. TORMUND approaches.  You plan on killing all the crows yourself?  Do you plan on sitting here scratching your balls till winter?  We wait for Mance's orders.  You sent a man over the Wall at the full moon. If he's not back yet, he's not coming back.  And what is it you want? March on Castle Black with just this lot? Your pretty crow said 1,000 men are nesting there.  Yeah, well, he's a liar.  He is? Shouldn't it be "he was"? You said you put three arrows in him.  I did.  I've seen you slip a shaft through a rabbit's eye at 200 yards. If that boy's still walking, it's 'cause you let him go. A wildling whistles from above. TORMUND and YGRITTE turn to look, and rise. YGRITTE and TORMUND lead a group of wildlings with weapons draw. Other wildings stand above the crevice where they advance. Some Thenns approach, led by the menacing STYR.  Thenns. I fucking hate Thenns. TORMUND sheathes his sword. The Thenns come closer.  Mance sent you?  (Grunts) The Thenn party continues to walk through  How did you find us? STYR nods back at a THENN WARG, who releases a bird for reconnaisance.  You came from the south, not the north.  Took a detour. Got some supper from a village down that way. A Thenn drops a heavy bag from his shoulder to the floor of the crevice.  Why does the meat down here taste so much better than it does on our side of the Wall?  Help yourself.  (Chuckles) Maybe everything's just better fed down here. The Thenns pull some bird meat off the spit that was on the fire.  Fat and lazy. Easier for us, hmm? STYR pats TORMUND on the shoulder as he walks past. TORMUND follows, with YGRITTE further behind.  You didn't see us coming? Lost your warg? And that baby crow you had with you, lost him too?  I'll answer to Mance. I won't answer to you.  She yours?  I'm not anybody's. YGRITTE notches an arrow and places it directly on STYR's throat. Two of his Thenn companions draw their swords. STYR stares YGRITTE down.  Too scrawny. Not like those crows at Castle Black. STYR turns his attention to TORMUND. YGRITTE lowers her bow a TORMUND's command. The other Thenns continue to work at the fire.  Think of them stuck in their larders stuffing their faces with ham and blood sausage and stew, getting nice and fat and marbled. STYR walks towards the fire.  I know we've had our differences, Tormund, but just one time before you die, you really ought to try crow. STYR kneels before the fire, where the other Thenns have skewered a human arm on the spit roasting in the fire.  Draw. Loose. SAM walks by the recruits as they fire their arrows at a row of straw men, to varying effect. He then walks up the steps to JON's quarters. Jon is dressing in pain. SAM stands behind him.  Last time I saw him, he was in the courtyard at Winterfell. "He said, " Next time I see you, you'll be all in black." I was jealous of Robb my whole life. (Winces) The way my father looked at him, I wanted that. He was better than me at everything... fighting and hunting and riding and girls. Gods, the girls loved him. I wanted to hate him, but I never could.  Sometimes I want to hate you. JON turns in surprise.  Well, you're better than me at everything. Except reading.  (Chuckles)  They're... they're ready for you. JON picks up his leather armor and walks towards the door.  He's wanted to hang me for a while. Now's his chance.  No one's going to hang you. You've done nothing wrong.  I've done plenty wrong. ALLISER THORNE questions JON SNOW. He is flanked by JANOS SLYNT and MAESTRE AEMON  So you admit you murdered Qhorin Halfhand?  I didn't murder him.  No? You put your sword through a brother of the Night's Watch. What do you call that?  He wanted me to kill him.  A bastard son of a traitor. What would you expect?  The Halfhand believed our only chance to stop Mance was to get a man inside his army.  Don't talk about the Halfhand as if you knew him. He was my brother.  Then you'd know he'd do anything to defend the Wall. The free folk would have boiled him alive, but letting me kill him...  The free folk? Listen to him. He even talks like a wildling now.  Aye, I talk like a wildling. I ate with the wildlings. I climbed the Wall with the wildlings. I... I laid with a wildling girl.  You admit to breaking your vows, then?  I do.  The law is the law. The boy must die.  If we beheaded every ranger who lay with a girl, the Wall would be manned by headless men.  There's a difference between sneaking off to the Mole's Town brothel and sleeping with the enemy.  While we sit here debating which rules I broke, Mance Rayder marches on the Wall with an army of 100,000.  Impossible. You can't get 50 wildlings together before they start killing each other.  100,000. He's united the Thenns, the Hornfoots, the ice-river clans. He has giants fighting for him.  (Laughs) Giants?  Have you ever been beyond the Wall, ser?  I commanded the City Watch of King's Landing, boy.  And now you're here. You must not have been very good at your job. JANOS SLYNT stands in indignation.  How dare you?!  There's a band of wildlings south of the Wall already led by Tormund Giantsbane. I killed their warg and three others. They shot me full of arrows. Their orders are to attack Castle Black from the south when Mance hits it from the north. The signal for the attack will be a bonfire. Mance said it would be the greatest fire the North has ever seen. That's the truth. All the truth. JANOS SLYNT sits back down.  Do you intend to execute me or am I free to go?  None of us are free. We are men of the Night's Watch. But we won't be taking your head today, Jon Snow. Go on. JON nods and leaves. MAESTER AEMON stands to leave, frail and helped by his assistant. He moves slowly down the wooden stairs from the dais to the floor.  I am acting commander here, Maester Aemon.  Yes, you are.  And I don't trust the bastard.  He told the truth.  And you always know when a man's telling a lie? How did you acquire this magical power?  I grew up in King's Landing. OLENNA and MARGAERY consider necklace options for her wedding.  No. No. You're a queen, not an ox. OLENNA picks up one of the necklaces, sentimentally. MARGAERY smiles.  Your grandfather gave me a necklace just like this one for my 51st nameday. OLENNA tosses the necklace away, surprising MARGAERY.  The wedding is in a fortnight, Grandmother. You can't say no to everything.  Nonsense. OLENNA turns to the half dozen maids waiting.  My little dears. Go and speak to the jewelers of King's Landing. Tell them who you are, tell them who sent you. The one who brings me the best necklace will get to keep the next best. The maids exit, laughing. OLENNA turns back to MARGAERY. They sit.  The Margaery Tyrell who walks into the sept a fortnight from now will inspire 1,000 songs. Now, how sad it will be if she's wearing rubbish like that.  Perhaps I should just let Joffrey choose it for me. End up with a string of dead sparrow heads around my neck.  You watch that. Even here, even with me. Footsteps approach and BRIENNE enters.  My word.  My lady. My lady. Please pardon me for interrupting. My name is Brienne of Tarth.  We know who you are. We've heard all about you. But hearing is one thing. Aren't you just marvelous? Absolutely singular. BRIENNE looks embarrassed.  I hear you knocked my grandson into the dirt like the silly little boy he is.  My lady, I know this is a very busy time for you, but if I could just have a moment. OLENNA turns to MARGAERY, intrigued.  You dare not refuse. BRIENNE and MARGAERY stroll next to a pond  A shadow?  A shadow with the face of Stannis Baratheon. I swear to you by all the gods it was Stannis. He plunged his sword through Renly's heart and disappeared. One day, my lady, I will avenge our king.  Joffrey is our king now.  I meant no offense.  And you've given none. MARGAERY gently touches BRIENNE on the shoulder. JOFFREY, JAIME and MERYN TRANT are strategizing.  All the Kingsguard will be on duty, of course. Ser Boros will be stationed here. Ser Preston will be stationed here beside the primary entertainment. Your Grace?  Yes, yes, one guard at the... the thing. Go on.  Ser Meryn will guard Lady Margaery and Tommen.  I've always guarded the king himself, my lord. Ever since your absence.  And I thank you for it, Ser Meryn. All very good. I don't expect any trouble.  The people love their king. They know who keeps them fed.  Margaery Tyrell, I've heard.  By my leave. They know I saved the city. They know I won the war.  The war's not won. Not while Stannis lives.  I broke Stannis on the Blackwater. Pity you weren't there to help, Uncle.  My apologies, Your Grace. I was rather busy.  Busy getting captured. JOFFREY thumbs through a large tome.  So this is the famous "Book of Brothers"? All the great deeds of all the great Kingsguard. Ser Arthur Dayne. The Sword of the Morning. (Chuckles) Led the attack on the Kingswood Brotherhood. Defeated the Smiling Knight in single combat. Ser Duncan the Tall. (Laughs) Four pages for Ser Duncan. He must have been quite a man.  So they say.  Ser Jaime Lannister. (Chuckles) There is very little written in the Book of Brothers about JAIME.  Someone forgot to write down all your great deeds.  There's still time.  Is there? For a 40-year-old knight with one hand? How can you protect me with that?  I use my left hand now, Your Grace. Makes for more of a contest. JOFFREY and MERYN exit. JAIME walks over to the book, and slams it shut. The unsullied are marching past DAENERYS and MISSANDEI, who stand on a cliff overlooking the shore.  Have you ever been to Meereen?  Several times, Your Grace, with Master Kraznys.  And?  They say 1,000 slaves died building the Great Pyramid of Meereen.  And now an army of former slaves is marching to her gates. You think the Great Masters are worried?  If they're smart, Your Grace. Footsteps approach, and DAARIO NAHARIS enters.  You were told to ride at the back of the train.  Yes, my queen. But I need to speak to you about something important. A matter of strategy. DAENERYS signals for MISSANDEI to leave them.  Your Grace. MISSANDEI exists.  All right, what is this matter of strategy? DAARIO presents DAENERYS with a purple flower.  A dusk rose.  Would you like to walk at the back of the train instead of riding? DAENERYS starts to walk away, but DAARIO follows and presents her with another small flowering plant, this one is white.  And this one's called lady's lace.  Would you like to walk without shoes?  You have to know a land to rule it. It's plants, it's rivers, it's roads, it's people. Dusk rose tea eases fever. Everyone in Meereen knows that. Especially the slaves who have to make the tea. If you want them to follow you, you have to become a part of their world. Strategy. DAARIO presents her with a red flower.  Harpy's Gold. No tea from this one. Beautiful but poisonous. DAARIO presents the three flowers to DAENERYS in a small bouquet.  You are a gambler, aren't you? She takes the flowers. DAARIO makes a small bow to depart.  Your Grace. DAENERYS ponders. A man shouts in valerian. She joins, BARRISTAN SELMY, JORAH, GREY WORM and MISSANDEI. They have found a mile marker, festooned by a woman's corpse who points the way to Mereen.s  There's one on every mile marker between here and Meereen.  How many miles are there between here and Meereen?  163, Your Grace. I'll tell our men to ride ahead and bury them. You don't need to see this.  You will do no such thing. I will see each and every one of their faces. Remove her collar before you bury her. SANSA stands on the shore with eyes closed. BRIENNE and JAIME stand on the cliff above.  There she is.  Yes, there she is.  And? You made a promise.  To return the Stark girls to their mother who is now dead.  To keep them safe.  Well, Arya Stark hasn't been seen since her father was killed. Where do you think she is? My money's on dead. There's a certain safety in death, wouldn't you say? And Sansa Stark is now Sansa Lannister. Bit of a complication.  A complication does not release you from a vow.  What do you want me to do? Kidnap my sister-in-law? And take her where? Where would she be safer than here?  Look me in the eye and tell me that you think she'll be safe in King's Landing.  Are you sure we're not related? Ever since I've returned, every Lannister I've seen has been a miserable pain in my ass. Maybe you're a Lannister, too. You've got the hair for it if not the looks. JAIME exits. BRIENNE follows. SANSA comes up from the shore. She hears something, and realizes that she is not alone. She quickens her pace through the woods. A man trails her, stealthily. She speeds her walk, and comes to a table. TOMMY taps her on the shoulder. She starts.  It's all right. It's all right. It's all right.  You're drunk.  Yes. I have good reason to be. Once I was a knight. Now I'm only a fool. Don't you know me?  Ser Dontos. The king's nameday celebration. I'm sorry. I should have remembered.  I can't accept your apology. I may be a fool, but I'm a living fool, thanks to you.  Anyone would have done the same.  But only you did. I can never repay you. You gave me my life. But this, this is worth more than my life. SER DONTOS gives SANSA a necklace with blue stones. SANSA looks closely at it.  It belonged to my mother and her mother before her. House Hollard was strong once. House on the rise. That's all that's left of those days, thanks to a few sad, fat drunks like me.  I can't take it. It's very, very kind of you, but I can't.  I don't have anything else left. That's all. Take it. Wear it. Let my name have one more moment in the sun before it disappears from the world.  I'll wear it with pride, Ser Dontos.  Yeah. They both smile ARYA sits in front of the HOUND on his horse. They ride through a scene of brutal violence, with villagers slaughtered amongst their upended carts. Flies buzz at the corpses.  When am I going to get a horse of my own?  The little lady wants a pony.  The little lady wants away from your stench.  Horses aren't easy to come by. Even if they were, you think I'm gonna put you on your own horse? Watch the only thing of value I've got in the world ride away?  Why don't you have any money? Didn't you steal anything from Joffrey before you left?  No.  You're not very smart, are you?  I'm not a thief.  You're fine with murdering little boys, but thieving is beneath you?  A man's got to have a code.  You think I'm gonna escape? Where would I go? I'd be dead by nightfall without you. My family's gone. I've got no one.  You've got an aunt in the Vale. Your rich Aunt Lysa. After I sell you to her, maybe she'll have enough left over to buy you that pony you want so much.  I'm hungry. You're hungry.  Five horses, five men. More than I feel like killing on an empty stomach. Two men exit the bulding, and ARYA recognizes POLLIVER.  I know him. The small one. His name is Polliver. He captured us and took us to Harrenhal. The two men urinate into the bushes by the farm.  He killed Lommy.  What the fuck's a Lommy?  He was my friend. Polliver stole my sword and put it right through his neck. He's still got it.  Got what?  My sword Needle.  Needle? Of course you named your sword.  Lots of people name their swords.  Lots of cunts. The two men finish relieving themselves and return inside. The HOUND notices that ARYA has started towards the Inn.  What are you... get back here.  My brother gave me that sword.  Get back here.  He killed my friend. The HOUND grabs ARYA roughly by the should and puts himself between her and the door.  I don't care if he ate your friend. We're not going in there. The door opens behind him and a soldier meets his eye. The HOUND turns to face him fully. He retreats, allowing the HOUND to enter. The HOUND enters the door, and a woman can be heard whimpering while the soldiers egg each other on.  Come on, give it up.  (Whimpers)  Come here.  (Whimpers)  Let's have a feel there.  Leave it. The INNKEEPER'S DAUGHER struggles in the grasp of one of the men ARYA enters behind the hound and shuts the door. The soldiers look warily at their the duo. Everyone goes quiet as the HOUND and ARYA enter the inn. The HOUND and ARYA sit at a table in the back. The men return to their assault on the girl.  Come here.  Please, she's a good girl.  Shut your mouth and pour us more ale and we may not take her with us when we're done with her. POLLIVER turns to look at ARYA . He recognizes her.  I know you. ARYA graps the hilt of the HOUND's sword. POLLIVER stnads.  You're the Hound. ARYA is relieved. She releases her grip on the HOUND's sword. POLLIVER walks over and joins their table.  Pour our new friend some ale. What brings you so far north?  I could ask the same of you. What are you doing up here?  Just keeping the king's peace.  No need. The war's over. The INNKEEPER pours them some ale. The HOUND drinks.  So I've heard. Stannis defeated at the Blackwater. Robb Stark killed at the Twins. And where am I for all of it? Stuck with your brother. Meaning no offense.  None taken.  He's good, the Mountain is. Best at what he does. But torture, torture, torture, torture. You spend enough time putting the hammer to people, you start to feel like a carpenter making chairs. Drains the fun right out of it. And what's life without a little fun? (Chuckles) POLLIVER turns to look at ARYA.  But I don't need to tell you that, eh?  She's all right. I've had better.  (Laughs) You know what? You should come with us. His kind, they've always got something hidden away somewhere. Gold, silver, more daughters. Always something if you know how to make them talk. And there's plenty of him between here and King's Landing. You could do well for yourself. We certainly have been.  I'm not going to King's Landing.  Think about it. We could do whatever we like wherever we go. These are the king's colors. No one's standing in his way now. Which means no one's standing in ours.  Fuck the king. The chatter in the inn stops.The HOUND takes a drink.  When I heard that Joffrey's dog had tucked tail and run from the Battle of the Blackwater, I didn't believe it. But here you are.  Here I am. Bring me one of those chickens.  You got money to pay for it?  You paid for it?  (Laughs) No. But we're the king's men. So, you got money?  Not a penny.  I'll still take that chicken.  Tell you what. We'll trade you. One of our little chickens for one of yours. Give us a go at your friend. Lowell there likes them a bit broken in. The men chuckle.  You're a talker. Listening to talkers makes me thirsty. The HOUND takes POLLIVER's ale, and finishes it in one long drink.  Ah. And hungry. Think I'll take two chickens.  You don't seem to understand the situation.  I understand that if any more words come pouring out of your cunt mouth, I'm gonna have to eat every fucking chicken in this room.  You lived your life for the king. You're gonna die for some chickens?  Someone is. The men stare one another down. POLLIVER rises to attack, but the HOUND turns over the table, knocking him down. He then sets to the room and dispatches the soldiers one by one, while the INNKEEPER cowers. The fight is brutal, using both sword and fist. POLLIVER and a companion. are able to get the upper hand, and the HOUND falls to the ground, where they kick at him violently. ARYA watches in fright. The HOUND manages to fend them off with his sword, even from the ground. He sweeps the legs out from under one of them, and POLLIVER scambles on all fours towards his sword. The HOUND steps on the blade and slugs POLLIVER violently, who crumples to the ground. The fight continues, and the HOUND gores another soldier before TOMMY pins the HOUND to the ground, a dagger to his throat. With great strength, the HOUND pulls the man's dagger away from his throat while gouging at his face. He positions the man's face over his own dagger, and swiftly slams the soldier's face into the dagger, repeatedly. ARYA moves from shock into action. She shatters a jug over a soldier's head, then picks up a sword and stabs him through, slowly. She comes up behind POLLIVER, who is stalking the wounded HOUND, and stabs him through. She takes need from him before he falls forward to the ground. The HOUND runs another soldier through. ARYA walks calmly over POLLIVER, who lays on his back.  Something wrong with your leg, boy?  What? What do you mean?  Can you walk? I've got to carry you?  Carry me?  Fine little blade. ARYA puts the point of her blade under POLLIVER's chin. He raises his hands weakly in surrender.  Maybe I'll pick my teeth with it. A light of recognition fills POLLIVER's eyes, met quickly by ARYA stabbing him through the chin, slowly. He gasps and gurgles. She removes her sword and watches the blood fill his mouth. He chokes, spurts, and dies. The HOUND rides his mount, chewing on some chicken. ARYA comes into view behind him on her own white horse. She looks pleased. They ride through the devastation of the countryside. The HIGH SEPTON leads the coronation of TOMMEN. JAIME patrols in the back.  May the Warrior grant him courage and protect him in these perilous times. May the Smith grant him strength that he might bear this heavy burden. And may the Crone, she that knows the fate of all men, show him the path he must walk and guide him through the dark places that lie ahead. In the light of the Seven, I now proclaim Tommen of the House Baratheon First of His Name. King of the Andals and the First Men and Lord of the Seven Kingdoms. Long may he reign!  Long may he reign! The crowd cheers. TOMMEN bows. MARGAERY and TOMMEN exchange a look.  Special day. TOMMEN sits on the Iron Throne, with TYWIN beside him. A reception line moves towards him, including PYCELLE and VARYS. (CROWD CHATTING)  Your Grace.  Your Grace. TOMMEN exchanges nodes and smiles with MARGAERY, who stands in the wings. CERSEI catches their gaze, and she comes to MARGAERY. The crowd greets her as she passes through.  Your Grace.  Your Grace.  Your Grace.  There he is.  Long may he reign.  Long may he reign.  He sits the throne like he was born to it.  Yes. He wasn't, though, was he?  No, he wasn't.  You still mourn for Joffrey?  He was my husband. My king.  He would have been your nightmare.  Your Grace, I feel...  You knew exactly what he was. I did, too. You never love anything in the world the way you love your first child. Doesn't matter what they do. And what he did, it shocked me. Do you think I'm easily shocked?  No.  The things he did shocked me. He's only a boy. A good boy. A decent boy. He always has been. Who was the last decent king, I wonder? He could be the first man who sits on that throne in 50 years to actually deserve it.  It would be some consolation, wouldn't it? For all the horror that put him there.  He will need help... if he's going to rule well.  He has you.  A mother is not enough. You're still interested in being queen, I take it?  Oh. After all that's happened... it sounds strange, I know, but I am... I haven't even given any thought to it, what comes next. It would be a great honor, of course. But I will have to speak to my father about it.  Yes, speak to your father. I'll speak to mine. LORAS bows to TOMMEN on the stage.  We may be faced with an alarming number of weddings soon.  (CHUCKLES)  I won't even know what to call you. Sister? Or Mother? Hmm. DAENERYS, BARRISTAN SELMY, DAARIO NAHARIS, JORAH, MISSANDEI AND GREY WORM are meeting.  King Joffrey Baratheon is dead. Murdered at his own wedding.  And we have taken the Meereenese Navy, Your Grace.  The Second Sons took the Meereenese Navy.  Who told you to take the Navy?  No one.  So why did you do it?  I heard you liked ships.  How many ships?  93, Your Grace.  How many men can they carry?  9,300, not counting sailors.  Would that be enough to take King's Landing?  The Lannisters have more.  They've been fighting Joffrey's wars for years. They're tired, dispersed. And now their king is dead. 8,000 Unsullied, 2,000 Second Sons sailing into Blackwater Bay and storming the gates without warning.  It's hard to say. It could be enough. But we're not fighting to make you queen of King's Landing. 10,000 men can't conquer Westeros.  The old houses will flock to our queen when she crosses the Narrow Sea.  The old houses will flock to whichever side they think will win, as they always have. JORAH stands.  There's other news. From Yunkai. Without the Unsullied to enforce your rule, the Wise Masters have retaken control of the city. They've reenslaved the freedmen who stayed behind and sworn to take revenge against you. And in Astapor, the council you installed to rule over the city has been overthrown by a butcher named Cleon who's declared himself "His Imperial Majesty."  Please leave me. Not you, Jorah. GREY WORM, MISSANDEI, DAARIO and BARRISTAN exit.  It appears my liberation of Slaver's Bay isn't going quite as planned.  You could sail for Westeros and leave it all behind. A boy sits on the Iron Throne. A boy many believe to be a bastard with no right to it. They've never been more vulnerable.  You counseled me against rashness once in Qarth. I didn't listen. That all worked out well.  (CHUCKLES)  How can I rule seven kingdoms if I can't control Slaver's Bay? Why should anyone trust me? Why should anyone follow me?  You're a Targaryen. You're the Mother of Dragons.  I need to be more than that. I will not let those I have freed slide back into chains. I will not sail for Westeros.  What, then?  I will do what queens do. I will rule. DAENERYS walks to the balcony. SANSA and LITTLEFINGER approach the Aerie.  Pull up your hood. A memorable shade.  But how would they know?  You know what kind of stories poor men enjoy the most? Ones about rich girls they'll never meet. SANSA puts up her hood.  Is this the only way into the Eyrie?  The mountains are impassable. If you want to get to the Eyrie, you need to go through the Bloody Gate. It doesn't matter how large your army is, if you attack this gate, you do it on this road, three men abreast and get slaughtered like goats. The first Lords of the Vale didn't have much, but they had these mountains and they knew how to use them. And the fortress they built here has never been overcome. Not once in 1,000 years. Know your strengths, use them wisely, and one man can be worth 10,000.  Who would pass the Bloody Gate?  Lord Petyr Baelish and his niece Alayne.  Stand to.  Stand to!  Stand to!  Welcome back, Lord Baelish. The gate opens noisily, LITTLEFINGER and SANSA step through. ROBIN sits on LYSA's lap on the throne. A door opens and LITTLEFINGER and SANSA enter. ROBIN runs down to greet him.  Uncle Petyr!  My lord. They embace.  Oh. I have brought you a gift. LITTLEFINGER gives ROBIN a glass bird.  Lord Baelish.  My lady.  Look what Uncle Petyr brought me. LYSA descends to greet her visitors.  A beautiful gift for a beautiful boy.  It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Lady Arryn. My name is Al...  Oh, do take down that hood, child. Don't you think know who you are? You think I'd let my intended leave the Eyrie on urgent business without knowing what that business was? I let him go so he could bring you here to me. LYSA walks to SANSA, lowers her hood and caresses her face, smiling warmly. They hug.  My flesh and blood.  It's wonderful to meet you, Aunt Lysa.  You mustn't call me that in front of anyone else.  Of course. I understand.  No one can know you're here. It would put us in a very precarious position.  I would never say a thing.  The Lannisters want to destroy us. They've been trying for years. Now they know what it feels like.  Mummy said they killed your mother and they chopped off your brother's head.  They did, and my father's.  They killed my father, too, with poison. I wanted to make the little Lannister baby man fly, but Mother said I couldn't.  Make him fly?  Through the Moon Door. He drops the glass bird through the moon door.  (GIGGLES)  And on top of everything else, they made you marry that filthy troll.  They did. They made us both. Lord Tyrion didn't want to.  I don't believe that for a moment. Did he force himself on you?  No. - We never...  Good. Robin, this is your cousin Sansa. But you're not to call her Sansa in front of anyone but Uncle Petyr and myself. Do you understand? Sansa, this is my son Robin.  It's a pleasure to meet you, Robin.  Robin, show Sansa to her chamber. Take the back stairs.  Go. We'll speak soon. ROBIN leads SANSA out by the hand. LYSA kisses LITTLEFINGER hungrily.  What took you so long?  Arranging for the ascension of King Tommen I, extricating Sansa, getting her here alive.  She's here. We've spent more than enough time on her for one evening. She kissed him.  Let's get married tonight.  Ought we not... inform the Lords of the Vale about the ceremony?  There's only one Lord of the Vale. The others can all hang. Lurking and simpering on the stairs like buzzards the moment my husband died, trying to get their claws in me.  I do think that we could wait until...  I'm done waiting, Petyr. We had our wedding night many years ago. Or don't you remember?  Like it was yesterday.  What wife would do for you the things I've done for you? What wife would trust you the way I've trusted you? When you gave me those drops and told me to pour them into Jon's wine, my husband's wine... when you told me to write a letter to Cat telling her it was the Lannisters... LITTLEFINGER kisses LYSA passionately to quiet her. She moans.  The deed is done. Faded into nothing. Only speaking of it can make it real.  (nods)  Tonight it is, then.  (LAUGHS)  Let me bathe and dress for the occasion. Once I'm presentable, I'll call on the septon immediately. LYSA opens the door and escorts in the septon.  I'm warning you. I'm going to scream when my husband makes love to me. I'm going to scream so loud, they'll hear me clear across the Narrow Sea. She kisses LITTLEFINGER SANSA lies in bed. She can hear LYSA screaming and moaning in ecstacy. SANSA tries to ignore it. TYWIN and CERSEI meet in the Hand's residence.  When will the wedding take place in your mind?  As soon as decency permits. After we've allowed Tommen the appropriate time to mourn his brother and Margaery to mourn her husband.  A fortnight?  That seems reasonable.  No jugglers, no jousting dwarves, no 77-course meals.  (shakes her head)  And your wedding to Loras?  Shortly after Tommen's.  Shortly?  A fortnight.  I know you don't like them. I didn't like your husband. Used to pat me on the back a lot. I didn't trust him.  We had that in common.  You don't need to make formal alliances with people you trust.  Then whom can we trust?  Ourselves alone. TYWIN rises and pours some wine, handing it to CERSEI. He then pours some for himself.  The Tyrells are our only true rivals in terms of resources and we need them on our side.  Robert wasn't particularly rich.  Robert had me funding him. Wars swallow gold like a pit in the earth.  I suppose that explains why we did so well in the last one.  Do you know how much gold was mined in the Westerlands this past year?  Haven't a clue.  Go on, your best guess.  Pounds, tons, ounces?  Doesn't matter. The answer is the same.  That can't be.  Our last working mine ran dry three years ago.  Then how do we pay for anything?  The crown owes the Iron Bank of Braavos a tremendous amount of money.  How much?  A tremendous amount. TYWIN sits.  There must be someone at the Iron Bank you can speak to, come to some arrangement.  The Iron Bank is the Iron Bank. There is no someone.  Someone does work there. It is comprised of people.  And a temple is comprised of stones. One stone crumbles and another takes its place. And the temple holds its form for 1,000 years or more. That's what the Iron Bank is... a temple. We all live in its shadow and almost none of us know it. You can't run from them. You can't cheat them. You can't sway them with excuses. If you owe them money and you don't want to crumble yourself, you pay it back. Vesting the Tyrells in the crown will help a great deal in this respect.  It's for the good of the family, I understand that. I'm not sure my brothers do.  I know you're building a strong case against Tyrion. And as a mother, that is your right. But as a judge, I cannot discuss the trial with you.  I respect that. We don't need to discuss it. She puts her wine down and stands.  The Lannister legacy is the only thing that matters. You've started wars to protect this family. Turned your back on Jaime for refusing to contribute to its future. What does Tyrion deserve for lighting that future on fire? ARYA and the HOUND lie by their campfire.  Joffrey. Cersei. Walder Frey. Meryn Trant. Tywin Lannister. The Red Woman. Beric Dondarrion. Thoros of Myr. Ilyn Payne. The Mountain.  Would you shut up?  I can't sleep until I say the names.  The names of every fucking person in Westeros?  Only the ones I'm going to kill.  (CHUCKLES) Hate's as good a thing as any to keep a person going. Better than most. We come across my brother, maybe we can both cross a name off our list.  If he were here right now, what would you do?  I'd tell him to shut the fuck up so I can get some sleep. Go on, get it over with, your list of doomed men.  I'm almost done. Only one name left.  Go on.  The Hound. LYSA serves SANSA a pastry  Thank you.  Your mother always had a sweet tooth, you know?  Really?  Oh, yes. At suppertime, she would go straight for honey cakes, candied almonds, custard. Anything sweet. Eventually, your grandfather had to assign a septa to watch her at meals. Cat was the firstborn daughter after all. It was important that she remain desirable so Father could arrange a good match for her and she was starting to get fat.  My mother fat? She never let me have my pudding until I'd finished all my proper food.  This is before she married your father and moved to the North. By the time you were born, your father's austerity had become hers. Marriage changes people. I didn't mean for you to stop. Go on, enjoy them. How do you like them? SANSA eats another. LYSA takes her hand.  They're delicious. Where did you get the lemons? You can't grow them up here.  Oh, gods, no. Petyr had three crates brought all the way from King's Landing. He knew you liked lemon cakes. He's so kind. He really cares for you. Think where you'd be without him. In their clutches and tried for murder.  Yes. I'm very lucky.  He feels responsible for you.  Oh, I know he does. I'm so grateful.  Why? Why does he feel responsible for you?  Well, I'm half Tully. He loved your family so much.  Loved your mother.  No.  That's what you wanted to say.  He loves you, Aunt Lysa. He's married to you.  Your mother never loved him. Never. Cat always went straight for the sweetest thing. The most obvious thing. Your Uncle Brandon. Your handsome, arrogant, cruel Uncle Brandon. He almost killed Petyr in a duel. And your mother loved him anyway. And now Petyr is risking his life to save you, the daughter of a woman who didn't love him no more than those whores in his brothels. Has he told you about them?  No. LYSA holds SANSA's hands firmly and won't let go.  He hasn't told you about the vile things they do with their bodies? The vile things they let him do with their bodies?  No, never.  Are you pregnant?  What? No, I told you. Lord Tyrion and I never...  I wasn't asking about Tyrion. What have you let Petyr do with your body?  Aunt Lysa, no, I...  Your young, pretty body.  Nothing. I'm a virgin.  Don't lie to me.  You're hurting me. LYSA grips harder.  I'll know if you lie.  I'm a virgin, I swear it. He loves you, Aunt Lysa. All he says is that I'm stupid. I'm a stupid little girl with stupid dreams who never learns and I'm a terrible liar, so I should always tell the truth. And I swear to you that he has never touched me. Not once, not ever. LYSA stands up and hugs SANSA to her breast.  Shh. Shh. Shh. It's all right. It will all be all right. You'll be a widow soon. They'll execute that dwarf for murdering the king and you'll be free to marry Robin. You'll be the Lady of the Vale. Hmm. BRIENNE and PODRICK ride the road. PODRICK struggles a bit.  Didn't they teach you how to ride a horse?  Yes, my lady, when I was young. There wasn't much call for it with Lord Tyrion, though. He preferred litters.  Perhaps you should have stayed with him. It's not going to be a pleasant journey for you. It could take weeks to get to the Wall, depending on the weather.  That's a long way off. Well, Lady Sansa's brother's at Castle Black. If I were her, that's where I'd go. Feel free to stop at any point.  Never, my lady. I'm your squire.  I've made it this far in the world without a squire. I don't see why I need one now.  All knights have squires, my lady.  I'm not a knight. And I'm not a slaver, either. I don't own you.  I swore an oath, my lady.  I am releasing you from that oath. That means you could leave.  I know.  What do you think will happen if you leave?  They'll say I wasn't a very good squire. PODRICK's horse continues to squirm and whinny. The HOUND wakes, and notices that ARYA is gone. He panics, looking for her. Nearby, ARYA practices her agile footwork and swordwork with needle.  The hell you doing?  Practicing. She continues to practice her steps.  What, ways to die?  No one's going to kill me.  They will if you Nance around like that. That's no way to fight.  It's not fighting. It's water dancing.  Dancing? Maybe you ought to put on a dress. Who taught you that shite? ARYA does a one-armed cartwheel.  The greatest swordsman who ever lived. Syrio Forel, the First Sword to the Sealord of Braavos.  Braavos. (SCOFFS) Greasy-haired little bastard, I bet. They all are.  What do you know about anything?  I bet his hair is greasier than Joffrey's cunt.  It was not.  Was? He dead?  Yes.  How?  He was killed.  Who by?  Meryn Trant. That's why Ser Meryn...  Meryn Trant? The greatest swordsman who ever lived killed by Meryn fucking Trant?  He was outnumbered.  Any boy whore with a sword could beat three Meryn Trants.  Syrio didn't have a sword. Or armor. Just a stick.  The greatest swordsman who ever lived didn't have a sword? (LAUGHS) All right. You have a sword. Let's see what he taught you. Go on, do it for your Braavosi friend. Dead like all the rest of your friends. ARYA stabs the HOUND in the gut as hard as she can, grunting. It doesn't pierce his armor. He backhands her, and she falls. He picks up Needle and threatens her with it.  Your friend's dead and Meryn Trant's not 'cause Trant had armor and a big fucking sword. (SCOFFS) The hound reverses the sword and hands it back to ARYA. OBERYN sits writing on a scroll. CERSEI enters, flanked by guards. He stands to greet her.  Your Grace.  Prince Oberyn. Writing letters?  A poem, actually.  May I show you the gardens?  I couldn't very well refuse a royal escort.  No, you couldn't. They walk through the gardens.  I didn't realize you were a poet.  Not a very good one.  For your paramour?  For one of my daughters.  You have several, don't you?  Eight.  Eight? Eight daughters?  The fifth is difficult. I named her after my sister Elia.  Beautiful name.  Yes. But I can't say it without turning sad. And after I turn sad, I grow angry.  Perhaps that's why she's difficult. The gods love their stupid jokes, don't they?  Which joke is that?  You're a prince of Dorne. A legendary fighter. A brilliant man feared throughout Westeros. But you could not save your sister. I'm a Lannister. Queen for 19 years. Daughter of the most powerful man alive. But I could not save my son. What good is power if you cannot protect the ones you love?  We can avenge them.  Yes, we can avenge them.  You really believe Tyrion murdered your son?  I know he did.  We will have a trial and we will learn the truth.  We'll have a trial, anyway. I haven't seen my daughter in over a year.  The last time I saw her, she was swimming with two of my girls in the Water Gardens. Laughing in the sun.  I want to believe that. I want to believe she's happy.  You have my word. We don't hurt little girls in Dorne.  Everywhere in the world, they hurt little girls. Would you bring her a gift for me? I wasn't there for her name day. I don't know when I'll see her again.  Anything at all. CERSEI points to a sailing ship in the bay.  The best shipwrights in King's Landing have been working on it for months. Myrcella loves the open water.  I will have it sailed down to Sunspear for her.  Please tell her... her mother misses her very much. CERSEI exits. PODRICK is roasting a rabbit. It catches fire.  Oh, no, no, no. He picks up the spit but the rabbit is engulfed in flames.  No, no, no, no. He drops the rabbit and stamps it out.  Hells. Gods. BRIENNE returns with firewood.  Did you remove the skin?  No, my lady.  Have you ever cooked a rabbit before?  No, my lady.  Did you ever cook anything for Lord Tyrion?  No, my lady. That was the cooks. BRIENNE sits down, exasperated. She begins to remove her armor. PODRICK rushes over to help.  What are you doing?  I'm helping you with your armor.  I've been removing my own armor for quite some time, thank you very much. PODRICK backs away  What exactly did you do for Lord Tyrion?  I brought him his meals and cleared his table when he was finished. I kept his clothing and linens clean. Carried his messages and returned the replies. Mostly I poured wine.  Oh. Whilst in Lord Tyrion's service, did you ever do anything remotely related to combat?  I killed a man.  Who?  A Kingsguard. He tried to kill Lord Tyrion at the Blackwater.  How did you kill a Kingsguard?  I pushed a spear through the back of his head. BRIENNE starts to remove her armor straps again.  Bloody ridiculous. Help me with these straps. PODRICK gets up quickly to help. RAST leads a WOMAN roughly away from the Keep. LOCKE is watching from behind a tree. RAST pushes the whimpering WOMAN down and laughs.  Hey. Hey, get up. Get up. RAST grabs her shirt from behind and pulls her up. The WOMAN sobs. RAST pushes her forward.. They pass by LOCKE. A company of men emerges from the keep.  That's it lad, put it inside. Get the fire going again. We're all freezing.  Aye. What we need is a girl there.  I've got to have a piss. LOCKE sneaks into the grounds.  Now keep quiet. LOCKE creeps closer to the main keep, knocking a lantern as he passes, causing it to rattle and then squeak as it swings. He looks into the keep and sees the bound captives as well as some of the traitor rangers. Within the keep, BRAN hears the squeaking, looks up and sees the swinging lantern. MEERA is also curious. JOJEN coughs  You need water.  It doesn't matter.  Of course it matters.  You mustn't let anything stop you.  They already have stopped me.  No. You're not here. You're far from here.  What does that mean? JOJEN has a vision. The outer wall of the keep disappears, and behind the bound BRAN, the red leaves of a wierwood reaches out in the sunset.  At the hill. A great weirwood tree.  You've seen it, too.  Meera and I, even Hodor, we're only here to guide you. He's waiting for you. We have to find it. You have to make it.  We will.  This... this isn't the end. Not for you. Not yet.  How... will we know the end? JOJEN looks at his hand. In his vision, it is on fire.  You'll know. LOCKE moves stealthily through the woods. He arrives back at the ranger encampment.  Brothers. JON, DOLOROUS EDD and GRENN step to meet him.  You do move quiet.  How many?  11 men. Most of them already drunk. No guards posted. They don't seem to have a care in the world. We'll carve them up like walnut pie.  Karl was a top paid cutthroat in Flea Bottom. I've seen what he can do with a knife.  Have you seen what I can do with a knife?  (CHUCKLES) Not yet.  There's a hut on the West Side of the keep. We should steer clear of it.  Why?  They've got some hounds chained up inside. Closer we can get without the dogs sniffing us, the better.  New moon tonight.  (SIGHS) Get some rest. We move at sundown. The Keep grounds are lit by torches. A door opens brusquely. KARL and some rangers stride forth, heading to the main keep.  I've always liked a girl with curls. A touch of class. You take whatever's left. They enter the main building.  Get her up. Two rangers untie MEERA. She stuggles as they bring her to her feet. x  Stop.  Stop. What are you doing?  Hodor. Hodor. Hodor.  Stop. Stop!  Hodor. Hodor. The traitors raise MEERA's hands above her head to place them into manacles that hang from the beam above.  Stop! Please.  Hodor.  Please, get off her!  Hodor. Hodor. MEERA has been put into the manacles, hands raised over her head. JOJEN watches.  Please! Please, leave her alone!  Please, stop. Stop. They bind her feet as well.  What are you doing? Leave her alone!  Hodor. Hodor.  No! KARL TANNER steps towards her.  Shh. Shh, shh, shh.  (gasps)  Shh.  (whimpers) KARL touches her hair.  You've got pretty hair, don't you? Now what is a pretty little highborn girl like you doing out here in the deep, dark woods, eh? You left your daddy's castle looking for trouble, didn't you? No dresses for you. You like it rough, don't you? You like it in the gutter, don't you?  If you let my sister go, I can help you.  You can help me?  I can. And how you gonna do that?  I have the sight. I can see things.  That's very helpful.  Things that haven't happened yet.  What a fine thing. A fine thing. KARL kneels before JOJEN.  Have you seen what I'm gonna do to your sister? Have you seen what they're going to do to your sister?  No. KARL draws a knife.  Don't close your eyes. KARL TANNER turns and stands, stepping back towards MEERA.  I saw you die tonight. I saw your body burn. I saw the snow fall and bury your bones.  To arms! RAST enters.  They're here, the Night's Watch. KARL TANNER exits. The Night's Watch attack the camp, shouting and screaming. They engage with the traitors, battling with swords. GRENN, JON and LOCKE all dispatch their foes. LOCKE moves intently to the main keep. LOCKE enters to find BRAN, HODOR, JOJEN and MEERA bound.  Rescue party is here, lads. Lady.  Is Jon with you?  Aye. I'll take you to him. LOCKE cuts BRAN's bonds.  You're Brandon Stark? BRAN doesn't answer. LOCKE slices him with his knife, testing the feeling in his legs.  (GASPS)  Hodor. Hodor.  The little crippled lord. We're going for a ride, boy.  Jon! Jon! LOCKE covers BRAN's mouth with his gloved hand to silence him.  Keep talking and I'll cut your friends' throats. Starting with the idiot. Do you hear? Do you hear? The battle rages. The Night's Watch is winning BRAN sits silently. LOCKE unbinds him further.  Hodor! Hodor! Hodor. Hodor. LOCKE lifts him onto his shoulders.  Hodor. Hodor. Hodor. Hodor. Hodor. BRAN's eyes turn white, as does HODOR's. HODOR rocks methodically, pulling his chains free from the wall. Jon and the rangers continue to battle against the traitors. JON dispatches man after man. LOCKE carries BRAN, trudging through the woods. HODOR appears and knocks BRAN from LOCKE's shoulder. Both BRAN and HODOR have white eyes BRAN is in control of the giant. HODOR holds LOCKE above him with one had around his neck. LOCKE chokes and strains. HODOR twists his hand quickly, spanning LOCKE's neck. HODOR drops the lifeless body.  Hodor. Hodor, get his knife. Cut me loose. HODOR is dsazed, confused.  Hodor, get his knife. Hodor. Cut me loose, Hodor. HODOR picks up the knife and cuts BRAN's bonds.  Jojen and Meera, free them. Go! HODOR exits. BRAN can hear the sounds of the battle.  Jon. JON fights relentlessly. BRAN crawls closer to the camp.  Jon! JON doesn't hear him in the noise of the battle. JOJEN appears.  If he sees you, he won't let you go north.  He's my brother.  And wants to protect you. He'll take you back to Castle Black. BRAN watches JON at battle.  You have to decide. Do you want to find the three-eyed raven? BRAN considers. He watches JON from afar. BRAN makes up his mind.  Hodor.  Hodor.  We need to free Summer. And we need to go. JOJEN and HODOR help him up. KARL TANNER stabs a Night's Watchman in the neck. JON enters. KARL TANNER pulls his knife back and bows.  Lord Snow. Are you bringing me back for trial? KARL TANNER spins his knives and walks towards Jon.  We had a good thing here. We were free men. You'll never be free. You'll never know what that's like. They battle, JON's sword against KARL TANNER's knives. It is an even match. They pause for breath.  You learn how to fight in a castle? They engage again. KARL TANNER gets the upper hand and stabs JON in the leg. JON groans.  Some old man teach you how to stand, how to parry? JON frees himself from the dagger and they battle again. KARL TANNER has the upper hand.  How to fight with honor? JON slices KARL TANNER's face, who falls back. They grapple and parry.  You know what's wrong with honor? KARL TANNER spits in JON's face, then sweeps his legs from under him. JON falls and KARL TANNER kicks at him, then stomps on JON's hand to prevent him from grabbing his sword. A stabbing sounds, and KARL TANNER drops his knifes and stumbles backward. SISSY has put a knife in his back. She looks terrified.  You. KARL TANNER reaches back to remove the knife, while walking towards SISSY. She backs away and falls, and KARL TANNER successfully dislodges the knife. He menaces her with it. Suddenly, JON's sword pieces through KARL TANNER's mouth. JON slowly withdraws his bloody blade. KARL TANNER falls dead atop SISSY. JON kneels down to her.  Are you all right? Come with me. Come on. GRENN slays a traitor. JON and SISSY emerge from the building. DOLOROUS EDD drags LOCKE's body to the others. SISSY runs to MORAG and others of Craster's wives.  We lost four brothers?  Five. They look down at LOCKE. His neck it grotesquely twisted.  What the seven hells could do that to a man?  I count 10 dead mutineers.  Locke said there were 11 of them.  Where's Rast? RAST runs through the woods. He passes by the cages where the wolves had been penned. They are open. He looks about, and Ghost lunges on top of him. RAST screams. GRENN, JON and a Night's Watchman survey the grounds. The MAN hands JON a sword.  Here's another.  Jon. Ghost approaches.  Where in seven hells? Come here. Ghost whines. JON pets him.  I missed you, boy.  What should we do with this lot?  It's not safe for you here on your own. Mance Rayder has an army heading this way and there's worse out there than Mance. Come with us to Castle Black. We can find you work. Keep you safe.  Meaning all respect, Ser Crow, Craster beat us and worse. Your brother crows beat us and worse. We'll find our own way.  You want to stay here in Craster's Keep? MORAG spits.  Burn it to the ground and all the dead with it. JON, DOLOROUS EDD and GRENN watch the keep burn. So do MORAG, SISSY and the remaining wives. The building begins to collapse. A Tent outside of Meereen. MISSANDEI is teaching GREY WORM how to read by a fire.  My name is Grey Worm. I come from the Summer "Ills."  Isles. Summer Isles.  Summer Isles. (speaks Valyrian)  (speaks Valyrian) I am from an island called Naath.  (speaks Valyrian) When they took you?  "When did they take me?" I was five years old.  You remember your home?  I remember when they rowed us away from shore. How white the beaches were. How tall the trees. And I remember my village burning. Smoke rising into the sky. Do you remember your home?  (Shakes his head.) Unsullied. Always Unsullied. Before Unsullied, nothing.  That's not true. Perhaps one day you will return to the Summer Isles.  I don't want return. (Speaks Valyrian.)  Kill the masters.  Kill the masters. DAENERYS and BARRISTAN SELMY enter. They stand  How are the lessons coming?  Very well, Your Grace.  Missandei is teacher good, my queen.  You'll have to continue later. It's time. DAENERYS and BARRISTAN SELMY exit, followed by GREY WORM. Overhead, the shadow of a flying dragon soars in the moonlight. On the ground, the Unsullied run through the rocky landscape. They strain to open a gate in the rockface. GREY WORM lights a torch as do the other Unsullied. They travel through the sewer tunnel. Many slaves are gathered in the dark chamber, seating and standing.  (speaking Valyrian.) You heard her! She said she came to free us.  (speaking Valyrian.) You are a fool. The masters are too strong.  (speaking Valyrian.) She will protect us. She defeated the masters' champion. The slaves look at one another.  (speaking Valyrian.) She has a great army. You want to live the rest of your days in chains?  (speaking Valyrian.) I want to live. You saw what they did to those children. What do you think they'll do to us?  (speaking Valyrian.) I've been through two slave revolts, boy. They always end the same way: the Masters in power and the slaves dead. GREY WORM and the Unsullied enter.  (speaking Valyrian.) All men must die. The slaves are surprised to see them. ELDER MEEREEN SLAVE and MOSSADOR stand.  (speaking Valyrian.) But I promise you, a single day of freedom is worth more than a lifetime in chains.  (speaking Valyrian.) Who are you?  (speaking Valyrian.) This one is called Grey Worm. I was taken as a baby by the Masters of Astapor, raised and trained as Unsullied. Now I fight for Daenerys, the Mother of Dragons and Breaker of Chains.  (speaking Valyrian.) You are Unsullied? They taught you how to fight before you could walk. We are not soldiers.  (speaking Valyrian.) We have no training, weapons. GREY WORM and the other Unsullied remove their bundles from around their shoulders. The weapons clank as they hit the ground. The salves gather round, and a few tentatively pick up some swords.  (speaking Valyrian.) There are three slaves in this city for every Master. No one can give you your freedom, brothers. If you want it, you must take it. GREAT MASTER #1 and two guards walk the empty streets. They encounter some grafitti reading "Kill the Masters."  (Curses in Valyrian.) They look up to a high tower where a Targaryen flag is waving. Suddenly, a mob of slaves comes running at them. The guards run, leaving GREAT MASTER #1 to his own devices. He tries to flee, but more slaves pour around each corner. The slaves shout and set upon him. DAENERYS walks among the cheering slaves, flanked by children.  Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa! DAENERYS, JORAH and BARRISTAN SELMY walk down the steps on the cliff, surrounded by cheering slaves.  Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa! They ascend to the overlook, joining GREY WORM and the Unsullied.  Mhysa! Mhysa!  Remind me, Ser Jorah, how many children did the Great Masters nail to mileposts?  163, Khaleesi.  Yes, that was it. DAENERYS looks to GREY WORM, who gives a nod to UNSULLIED #1.  (shouts in Valyrian.) The Unsullied march forth, pressing the citizens of Meereen.  Your Grace, may I have a word? The city is yours. All these people,they're your subjects now. Sometimes it is better to answer injustice with mercy.  I will answer injustice with justice. An Unsullied nails a Meereen citizen to a cross. Others scream. They line the path up the mountainside, each with one hand nailed to the post, pointing the way. The citizens watch. DAENERYS stands on a platform above, surveying the city, under the Targaryen flag. The screams echo. BRONN and JAIME spar by the sea. JAIME attacks and BRONN parries. JAIME pauses, panting and spins his sword. His skills have improved. They exchange attacks. BRONN presses JAIME, and they deadlock. BRONN grabs JAIME's golden hand and swats him across the face. JAIME falls to the ground.  What the hell was that?  That was me knocking your ass to the dirt with your own hand. BRONN tosses JAIME back his hand.  You're a rare talent. When you're fighting cripples, anyway.  You learned to fight like a good little boy. I'll bet that thrust through the MadKing's back was pretty as a picture. You want to fight pretty or you want to win?  You talk to my brother this way?  All the time. He got used to it. They sit together on a low wall. JAIME drinks.  Do you think he did it?  No. Oh, he hated the little twat, sure. But who didn't? And poison's not his style. Or murder, for that matter. You want to know for sure, why don't you ask him? JAIME doesn't answer.  You haven't been to see him yet, eh?  We're done for today. He tosses the water skin to BRONN and starts to walk way  Your brother ever tell you how I came into his service?  You stood for him in his trial by combat at the Eyrie.  Aye. But only when Lady Arryn demanded the trial take place that day. You were his first choice. He named you for his champion because he knew you would ride day and night to come fight for him. You gonna fight for him now? JAIME exits. JAIME and TYRION sit in the cell.  To tell you the truth, this isn't so bad. Four walls. A pot to piss in. I was chained to a wooden post covered in my own shit for months.  Is that supposed to make me feel better?  Maybe a bit. I'm sorry I didn't come sooner.  It's complicated, yes. So how is our sister?  How do you think? Her son died in her arms.  Her son?  Don't. You know what's coming?  My trial for regicide.Yes, I know. I know the whole bloody country thinks I'm guilty. I know that one of my three judges has wished me dead more times than I can count. And that judge is my father. As for Cersei, well, she's probably working on a way to avoid a trial altogether by having me killed.  Now that you mention it, she did ask.  So, should I turn around and close my eyes?  Depends. Did you do it?  The Kingslayer brothers. You like it? I like it. You're really asking if I killed your son?  Are you really asking if I'd kill my brother? How can I help you?  Well, you could set me free.  You know I can't.  Then there's really nothing else to say.  What do you want me to do? Kill the guards? Sneak you out of the city in the back of a cart? I'm the Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.  Sorry, I'd forgotten. I'd hate for you to do something inappropriate.  Inappropriate? You're accused of killing the king.Freeing you is treason.  Except I didn't do it.  Which is why we're having a trial. A trial. If the killer threw himself before the Iron Throne, confessed to his crimes, and gave irrefutable evidence of his guilt, it wouldn't matter to Cersei. She won't rest until my head's on a spike.  Not just yours. She's offering a knighthood to whomever finds Sansa Stark.  Sansa couldn't have done this. She had more reason than anyone in the Seven Kingdoms. Do you think it's a coincidence she disappeared the same night Joffrey died?  No, but... Sansa's not a killer. Not yet, anyway. SANSA looks out on the ocean. Littlefinger enters.  Where are you taking me?  I'm getting married to your Aunt Lysa. She's waiting for us at the Eyrie. You'll be safe there.  Did you kill Joffrey? Did I kill Joffrey? I've been in the Vale for weeks.  I know it was you.  And who helped me with this conspiracy?  Well, there was Ser Dontos. You used him to get me out of King's Landing, but you would never trust him to kill the king.  Why not?  Because you're too smart to trust a drunk.  Then perhaps it was your husband.  No.  How do you know?  I just do.  You're right. He wasn't involvedi n Joffrey's death. But you were. Do you remember that lovely necklace Dontos gave you? I don't suppose you noticed that a stone was missing after the feast.  The poison. I don't understand. The Lannisters gave you wealth, power. Joffrey made you the Lord of Harrenhal.  A man with no motive is a man no one suspects. Always keep your foes confused. If they don't know who you are or what you want, they can't know what you plan to do next.  I don't believe you. If they catch you, they'll put your head on a spike just like my father's. You'd risk that just to confuse them?  So many men they risk so little. They spend their lives avoiding danger. And then they die. I'd risk everything to get what I want.  And what do you want?  Everything. My friendship with the Lannisters was productive. But Joffrey, a vicious boy with a crown on his head, is not a reliable ally. And who could trust a friend like that?  Who could trust you?  I don't want friends like me. My new friends are predictable. Very reasonable people. As for what happened to Joffrey, well, that was something my new friends wanted very badly. Nothing like a thoughtful gift to make a new friendship grow strong. OLENNA and MARGAERY stroll arm-in-arm in the garden.  I can't believe you're going. Leaving me alone here with these people.  The time has come, my dear. There's nothing more tedious than a trial. Except perhaps these gardens. If I have to take one more leisurely stroll through these gardens, I'll fling myself from the cliffs.  (laughs)  Have you been to see Tommen yet?  No. Have they even agreed to the match? No one tells me anything.  I wasn't originally meant to marry your grandfather Luthor, you know. He was engaged to my sister, your great-aunt Viola. I was to be given to some Targaryen or other. Marrying a Targaryen was all the rage back then. But the momentI saw my intended, with his twitchy little ferret's face and ludicrous silver hair, I knew he wouldn't do. So the evening before Luthor was to propose to my sister, I got lost on my way back from my embroidery lesson and happened upon his chamber.  (laughs)  How absentminded of me.  Mm-hmm.  The following morning, Luthor never made it down the stairs to propose to my sister 'cause the boy couldn't bloody walk.  (laughs)  And once he could, the only thing he wanted was what I'd given him the night before. I was good. I was very, very good. You are even better. But you need to act quickly. Cersei may be vicious, but she's not stupid. She'll turn the boy against you as soon as she can. And by the time you're married, it'll be too late. Luckily for you ,the Queen Regent is rather distracted at the moment, mourning her dear departed boy. Accusing her brother of his murder, which he didn't commit.  Well, he could have done.  He could have done,but he didn't.  You don't know, Grandmother.  But I do know. You don't think I'd let you marry that beast, do you?  What? I don't understand.  Shh. Don't you worry yourself about all that. You just do what needs to be done. Swords clang as the recruits train.  Bring it through! And again. JON and GRENN spar  Very nice. Good. JON and GRENN take a break. JON speaks to the recruits.  A lot of wildlings fight with a weapon in each hand. First thing you want to do is disarm them to try and even the odds. JON hands GRENN a second sword. They engage, and JON quickly knocks away one of GRENN's swords. GRENN takes a wide swing, JON ducks, then blocks his forearm and puts his blade to GRENN's throat. OLLY smiles in the crowd and GRENN nods, admitting defeat.  Let's see what you can do. OLLY steps forward, ready.  Olly, you just watch for now.  I can fight.  Have you ever held a sword before? OLLY I was the best archer in our hamlet. The recruits laugh.  I was!  I believe you. We'll go hunting for rabbits one day. Right now, watch and learn.  You two. Take it slow, try and disarm each other. LOCKE and another ranger arm themselves. LOCKE bests the bald one.  You know how to fight. You could have gone easier on him.  He wouldn't have learned anything that way. ALLISER THORNE and JANOS SLYNT enter.  Lord Snow. What do you think you're doing?  Grenn and I were helping them.  Grenn's a ranger.You're a steward. Maybe you forgot that while you were off with your wildling bitch, but I didn't.  Someone has to train them.  And that someone isn't you. Go find a chamber pot to empty. Go on. Do it. You traitor's bastard. Give me an excuse. Mormont's not hereto protect you now. JON exits.  Get back to work. Now! I said now!  The bastard's well-liked.You're not.  You think I care if they like me? We're at war.  For now. But you can't be acting commander forever. There will be a choosing. The old maester will insist on it. You might reconsider his request to marchon Craster's. Let the mutineer stake care of Snow. Or you might be taking orders from him the rest of your life. ALLISER THORNE exits. JON returns his sword. RECRUIT joins him.  A bastard, eh? Took you for highborn.  My father was highborn. My mother wasn't.  Name's Locke.  Jon Snow. They shake.  You fight well.  What brought you up here? A sense of duty. I wanted to do my part for the safety of the realm. I was a game warden in the Stormlands. Fed a prized partridge to my hungry kids. I was stupid enough to get caught. Chose the Wall over losing my hand. Figured I wouldn't have to suck up to any highborn cunts here.  Come on, get on with it. What are you waiting for? Summer?  Guess I was wrong. There is a knocking at CERSEI's door. She drinks, ignoring it. JAIME enters.  You sent for me, Your Grace?  Your Grace. How formal of you. How many Kingsguards are posted outside Tommen's door?  Ser Boros is on duty tonight. Tomorrow I believe...  So one? You have one man guarding the future king?  I promise you Tommen's safe. We're protecting him.  The way you protected Joffrey? Why did Catelyn Stark set you free?  What?  I've been wondering for months. Ever since that great cow brought you back to the capital. Why did she set you free?  You know why. She'd hoped I'd send her daughters back to her.  She hoped or did you promise?  I swore by all the gods that if her daughters were alive, I'd return them to her.  So you made a sacred vow to the enemy.  I wanted to get back to you. Should I have told hert o fuck off?  You didn't mean it, then? You have no loyalty to Catelyn Stark?  Catelyn Stark's dead. So if I told you to leave the capital right now and find Sansa, if I told you to find that murderous little bitch and bring me her head, would you do it? JAIME doesn't answer.  I know you went to see Tyrion. That creature who murdered our son.  I had to see him. I had to know for myself.  And?  He didn't do it, Cersei.  You've always pitied him. Our poor little brother. Abused by the world. Despised by his father and sister. He'd kill us all if he could. I want four men at Tommen's door day and night. That will be all, Lord Commander. JAIME exits. TOMMEN lies in his bed. He cannot sleep. He hears a door creaking  Ser Pounce? MARGAERY enters.  How did you get past the Kingsguard?  Kingsguard.  I don't think you're supposed to be here. Mother doesn't allow me to have visitors at night.  I'm not a visitor, Your Grace. Word has itI'm to be your bride. MARGAERY sits on his bed.  Did you know that people in arranged marriages often never meet until their wedding day? Before we decide to spend our lives together, we ought to get to know one another. Don't you think?  Yes. But if my mother found out...  It can be our secret. Hmm? If we're going to be man and wife, we'll have a few secrets from her, I hope. So, Your Grace...  Yes? Tell me a secret. Sir Pounce jumps onto the bed. MARGAERY pets him  Hello. Aren't you a proper fellow?  That's Ser Pounce.  Very handsome.  Joffrey didn't like him. He threatened to skin him alive and mix his innards up in my food so I wouldn't know I was eating him.  That's very cruel. You don't strike me as cruel.  No. I don't think I am.  That's a relief. Because you know what happens when we marry?  We say our vows in front of the High Septon. And after the ceremony, there's a feast.  When we marry, I become yours. Forever. It's getting late. I should go. May I come and visit you again? All right, then. MARGAERY leans in close.  Remember, our little secret. She kisses TOMMEN on the forehead, and exits. BRIENNE and JAIME are looking at the history of the Kingsguard.  "Ser Jaime Lannister. Knighted and named to the Kingsguard in his 16th year. At the sack of King's Landing, murdered his king Aerys II. Pardoned by Robert Baratheon. Thereafter known as the Kingslayer."  It's the duty of the Lord Commander to fill those pages. And there's still room left on mine. JAIME picks up a displayed sword, weighs it, and then hands it to BRIENNE. She takes it and admires it.  Valyrian steel.  Mmm. It's yours.  I can't accept this.  It was reforged from Ned Stark's sword. You'll use it to defend Ned Stark's daughter. You swore an oath to return the Stark girls to their mother. Lady Stark's dead. Arya's probably dead, too, but there's still a chance to find Sansa and get her somewhere safe. I've got something else for you. JAIME reveals a suit of armor made for BRIENNE.  I hope I got your measurements right.  I'll find her. For Lady Catelyn. And for you.  I almost forgot. I have one more gift. PODRICK beams next to JAIME. BRIENNE paces. BRONN stands in the background.  I don't need a squire.  Of course you do.  He'll slow me down.  My brother owes him a debt. He's not safe here. You're keeping him from harm. It's chivalry.  I won't slow you down, ser... my lady. I promise I'll serve you well.  See? He's a good lad.You'll get along. BRONN approaches and clasps PODRICK's shoulder. He unwraps a bundle.  Compliments of Lord Tyrion. His axe from the Blackwater. He pushed the axe onto PODRICK's chest.  What are you waiting for, a kiss? Ready the lady's horse. PODRICK exits  They say the best swords have names. Any ideas?  Oathkeeper.  Good-bye, Brienne. BRIENNE nods and exits. JAIME watches her and PODRICK ride off.  Come on, move. BRIENNE looks back at JAIME, and rides on. SAM and JON converse in the library  I should neverhave taken her away.  She wasn't safe here.  She's not safe out there. I should have known. You told us there were wildlings south of the Wall. If they're raiding the smaller villages, Mole's Town could be next.  Castle Black could be next.  I should go back for Gilly.  We have orders. No one's to leave the castle.  I remember when you disobeyed orders and rode south to help Robb.  And I remember who came after me and brought me home. I know how hard it is, Sam, believe me. When you told me about Bran going beyond the Wall, all I could think about was getting my strength back so I could go and find him.  I wish I could have convinced him to come back with me. I tried. Really, I did.  How fast could they travel? A crippled boy being pulled on a sledge by a simpleton?  I don't know. They'd pass wildling villages. They could try to find shelter at one of them.  The wildlings have joined up with Mance. Every village or sheltered place will be deserted. Except... LOCKE enters  Craster's? You think Bra nmight have found...  Snow. I don't mean to interrupt. Thorne wants to see you. LOCKE exits ALLISER THORNE and JANOS SLINT sit at the main table.  Your foray to Craster's Keep, I'll sanction it. But I won't order anyone to go with you. Volunteers only.  Thank you, Ser Alliser. JON moves down to the main floor of the hall.  Ahem, brothers. GRENN knocks against the table to get their attention. The hall quiets.  I'm going beyond the Wallto Craster's Keep. I'm going to capture the mutineers holed up there or kill them. I'm asking for volunteers to come with me. There's 60 miles of wilderness between here and Craster's and Mance Rayder has an army bearing down on us, but we have to do this. Our survival may depend on us getting to these mutineers before Mance does. They know the Wall. They know our defenses. If Mance learns what they know, we're lost. But if that's not enough, then consider this. If the Night's Watch are truly brothers, then Lord Commander Mormont was our father. He lived and died for the Watch and he was betrayed by his own men. Stabbed in the back by cowards. He deserved far better. All we can give him now is justice. Who will join me? GRENN stands. JON Nods. DOLOROUS EDD stands. Three more join, and then LOCKE does.  I can't let a recruit come north of the Wall.  Then let me say my vows. If it's a fight you're heading for, then you need men who know how.  (nods)  Thank you, brothers. KARL TANNER drinks from a human skull while sounds of rough sex spill from the background.  No, don't. Don't, please.  Please don't. Ow! You're hurting me. RAST pours himself some wine. He is drunk.  Karl Tanner from Gin Alley drinking wine from the skull of Jeor fucking Mormont. He spills wine from the skull into his mouth, greedily.  Any command for us, Lord Commander? What's that? Fuck 'em till they're dead? A man rough arms one of Craster's wives into sexual submission. She wails.  Did you hear that, boys? Fuck 'em till they're dead. TANNER pushes down another of Craster's wives. RAST admires the back of another.  Rast. RAST kisses her shoulder. TANNER grabs some meat and throws it at him.  Go outside and feed the beast.  We should kill that thing.  You should shuty our fucking hole, ugly little cunt. You look likea fucking ballsack. Ugly. Look at your stupid cunt face. I could piss in any gutte rand soak five of you. Know how much they paid me to kill a man in King's Landing? Seven silvers. They told me a man's name and that man never saw daylight again. None of them cocksuckers got away from me. He stands.  Haven't lost a fight since I was nine. Maybe it's time. What do you think, eh? He kicks RAST gently  Maybe you're the man. Eh, cunt? He slaps RAST, goading him. RAST; I wouldn't stand a chance. None of us would.  I was a fucking legend in Gin Alley. A fucking legend! I would take any knight... any knight, any time. Fucking cunts in steel plate. Fucking cowards. SISSY enters with CRASTER'S BABY.  A gift for the gods.- A gift for the gods. A gift for the gods.  What the fuck is that?  Craster's last child. A boy.  What am I supposed to do with him? What did Craster do with 'em? Kill 'em before they could grow up and do the same to him? All right. TANNER pulls a knife.  Don't need another mouth to feed. Hand him over.  He didn't kill them. He offered them.  To who?  To the gods. The white walkers.  A gift for the gods.A gift for the gods. A gift for the gods.A gift for the gods. A gift for the gods.A gift for the gods.  Shut up! TANNER sheaths his knife and takes CRASTER'S BABY from SISSY.  So... if it worked for him... Let's give the walkers what they want. He brings CRASTER'S BABY to RAST.  Rast is headed that way. RAST carries CRASTER'S BABY. He places the baby on the ground and walks away. CRASTER'S BABY starts to cry. RAST returns to the keep. Ghost growls in his cage. RASK opens a flask with his teeth.  Pink-eyed fuck. You thirsty? He takes a drink. Ghost growls. RAST empties the flask in front of him. Ghost starts, and RAST falls back. After he stands, the birds sound and the snow cracks. RAST runs in terror.  Fuck! HODOR, BRAN, MEERA, JOJEN and Summer lay around the fire. CRASTER'S BABY's cries in the distance.  Hodor.  Do you hear that?  Is that a baby?  It's coming.  I'm going out there.  No, we need to stay together.  I'm going. BRAN focusses inwards and his eyes turn white. Summer leaves the camp, inhabited by BRAN. He runs through the woods towards the cries of CRASTER'S BABY. Suddenly the ground gives way. BRAN gasps and sits up.  Bran. Bran.  Hodor. Hodor. Hodor.  Bran, what happened?  Summer, he's hurt. They've caught him in a trap.  Who?  I didn't see, but they have my brother's wolf. They have Ghost. BRAN, MEERA, JOJEN and JODOR watch the bustle of the keep.  They're Night's Watch. Look. Jon might be here.  If Jon was here, why would they put his wolf in a cage? The rangers handle one of Craster's wives roughly.  They might have been Night'sWatch once, not anymore. We're not safe here.We need to go.  No.  Bran, we need to go now.  I'm not leaving without Summer. MEERA and JOJEN exchange a silent look.  Can you remember where the cage was?  The east side of the keep.  If I'm not backsoon, we'll meet... A Ranger smashes MEERA in the face, and she falls. BRAN and JOJEN react. HODOR stands.  Hodor. They are surrounded by Night's Watch traitors. The traitors yell and prod at HODOR, who is chained around his neck.  Hodor. Hodor. Hodor. HODOR tries to undo his bonds. A traitor stabs him in the leg, and he groans, falling back.  Hodor.  If I was your size, I'd be king of the fucking world. BRAN, MEERA and JOJEN are brought into the keep. BRAN falls to the ground when released.  Help him up. A traitor sits him up. TANNER comes over to BRAN, and fondles his furs.  This is nice. Fine leather. You're no wildling. Important. Highborn. Who are you? BRAN does not answer. TANNER rises and slaps him.  You see, where I come from, a commoner like me slaps a little lord like you, I'd lose my right hand. But we're a long way from home, aren't we? And the two of you, fancy-looking folks north of the Wall creeping through the woods. Isn't that a bit odd? TANNER strokes MEERA's hair and face.  I like your curly hair. My mom had curls like that. Beautiful brown curls. Why'd you drag a crippled boy all the way up here? TANNER releases MEERA.  See you haven't played this game before. A highborn hostage, that's valuable. But three of them, that's a lot of mouths to feed. JOJEN starts to spasm. He falls to the ground  What the fuck's wrong with him?  Come here. TANNER grabs MEERA by the hair and pulls her away from JOJEN. He puts a knife to her throat.  (screams) No, please. Please.Please, let me help him.  Who are you?  Please.  Who are you?  I'm Brandon Stark! I'm Brandon Stark of Winterfell.  It's Jon Snow's brother. TANNER releases MEERA and walks over. MEERA runs to JOJEN.  It's Meera. It's Meera.I'm right here.  And I thought this was gonnabe another boring day.  I'm right here. A snow storm howls. A lone horseman appears. It is a WHITE WALKER, riding a dead horse. He holds CRASTER'S BABY. The horse walk across a frozen lake, towards an ominous landscape. Ice cracks as the WHITE WALKER brings the baby to a stone circle with an altar in the middle. He places CRASTER'S BABY there. The NIGHT KING approaches from a line of white walkers. The NIGHT KING picks up the baby, and pierces his cheek with a long fingernail. The baby's eyes turn blue. STANNIS and DAVOS ride a Baratheon ship through the legs of a massive statue of a Colossus. STANNIS and DAVOS wait, pacing anxiously.  Your Grace, if you'd like to sit, I'm sure that--  We've been here since midday.  Easterners have a difference sense of time, I've often found. Once I was waiting for Salladhor Saan here in Braavos. Together, we were going to run three shiploads of the finest-- The door opens. TYCHO NESTORIS and two other Iron bankers enter and sit.  Welcome to the Iron Bank. Please, sit. STANNIS ponders, then sits.  What can we do for you, Lord Stannis?  This is Stannis of the House Baratheon, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm. TYCHO motions for DAVOS to sit. He does.  The Iron Throne is currently occupied by Tommen of the House Baratheon, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.  He shares no blood with me. He is a bastard born of incest. As was his brother before him.  Yes, we have heard this story.  It's not a story. It's the truth.  The king's grandfather tells a different story. A story about a jealous uncle whose attempts to usurp the throne from the rightful king cost the Seven Kingdoms dearly in blood and gold.  Gold you loaned him.  And you feel your blood gives you a claim on our gold?  More than any man living.  Across the Narrow Sea, your books are filled with words like "usurper" and "madman" and "blood right." Here, our books are filled with numbers. We prefer the stories they tell. More plain. Less open to interpretation. How many fighting men remain loyal to you?  4,000.  And how many ships do you have? The ones still afloat, Ser Davos, not at the bottom of Blackwater Bay.  32.  And how much wheat and barley and beef and pork do you produce on Dragonstone to feed your 4,000 men on your 32 ships?  None.  You can see why these numbers seem unlikely to add up to a happy ending from our perspective. I'm afraid we must respectfully decline your request. But we thank you for paying us the honor of your visit. STANNIS stands to leave. DAVOS rises as well.  My lord.  I'm not a lord, Ser Davos Seaworth. You would not be either here. In Braavos, thieves are not rewarded with titles.  Well, strictly speaking, I didn't do the thieving. That would be the pirates. I just moved what they stole from one place to another. {DAVOS removes his right glove to show the stubs of his fingers.  This is the payment that was demanded by King Stannis for my crimes. I consider it an honest accounting. He's an honest man and he's your best chance to get back the money you've sunk into Westeros. Which is a lot, I imagine. Wars are expensive.  The war is over.  As long as Stannis lives, the war is not over. Who's the real power in King's Landing?  Ser Davos...  Humor me.  Tywin Lannister.  How old is Tywin Lannister?  67.  67. And when he dies, who's in command? A half-grown boy, the product of incest? Cersei Lannister, a queen whose people despise her? Jaime Lannister, a man best known for killing the king he was sworn to protect? When Tywin's gone, who do you back?  That is a problem for another time.  Begging your pardon, I think it's a problem for now. There's only one reliable leader left in Westeros. Stannis. He's got the birthright. He's in his prime. He's a tried and tested battle commander. And he doesn't just talk about paying people back, he does it. DAVOS displays his hand as proof. SALLADOR SAAN sits in a bath with two prostitutes.  The lookout sees a pirate ship sailing their way. The captain shouts to his first mate, "Bring me my red shirt." The first mate brings the red shirt and the captain puts it on. And when the pirates try to board, the brave captain leads his men to victory. A few days later, the lookout screams, "Two pirate ships!" The crew is shivering like scared mice. But the courageous captain hollers, "Bring me my red shirt!" DAVOS enters.  After the battle, the first mate asks, "Captain, why do you call for your red shirt before battle?" The captain replies, "So that if I am stabbed, you will not see me bleed." The next morning the lookout screams, "10 pirate ships! We are surrounded!" The crew goes silent. DAVOS sits beside the bath, indulging SALLADOR..  They all look to their brave captain, waiting for his usual command. Calm as ever, the captain bellows...  "Bring me my brown pants!"  You think they ever met a pirate who didn't tell them that joke?  Davos. I heard you were rotting in a dungeon in Dragonstone.  Only half rotted. SALLADOR and DAVOS clasp hands and laugh.  Join us, my friend. Join us. This is Lhara. And this is--  I am Lhara. SALLADOR slaps her playfully and LHARA squeals.  She's an artist, this one, truly.  No time, I'm afraid. We sail at sunrise.  We?  You, me-- we.  Once I thought this man loved me. Now I know he despises me. He wants to see me die poor and alone on some cold-- DAVOS throws down a weighty purse. SALLADOR opens it and begins counting.  You won't be alone. And you won't be poor. SALLADOR sighs in resignation.  There's a chest of the good stuff left back at your house. I gave it to your wife. The women laugh.  You're not my friend, my friend.  (laughs) I'll see you at sunrise. YARA addresses the Ironborn.  "I give you until the full moon to order all ironborn scum out of the North and back to those shit-stained rocks you call home. On the first night of the full moon, I will hunt down every islander still on our lands and flay them living, the way I flayed the 20 ironborn scum I found at Winterfell. In the box you'll find a special gift-- Theon's favorite toy. He cried when I took it away from him. Leave the North now or more boxes will follow with more Theon. Signed Ramsay Snow, natural born son of Roose Bolton, Lord of the Dreadfort and Warden of the North." While YARA reads the letter in voice over, RAMSAY and MYRANDA aggressively having sex.  Yes! YARA's voice over continues, as she and the Ironborn row in darkness.  They skinned our countrymen and they mutilated my brother, your prince. Your prince. Everything they've done to him, they've also done to you.  Yes! Yes!  As long as they can hurt our prince with impunity, the word ironborn means nothing. Three Ironborn skiffs row towards the Dreadfort MYRANDA and RAMSAY are still at it. MYRANDA moans. A grappling hook sails onto the rampart. A GUARD walks over to investigate, and receives a battle axe to the forehead. Yara comes over the wall, followeds by more ironborn raiders.  Go left. The Ironborn clash with the Bolton guards. YARA takes one hostage.  Theon Greyjoy.  I don't know--  I'm here for Theon Greyjoy. Take me to the dungeons.  He's not in the dungeons. Many dogs sit in cages. The FIRST MATE comes down the steps bearing a torch, followed by YARA and her hostage BOLTON GUARD.  Last cage on the right.  Thank you. She slits his throat and takes the torch from the IRONBORN. She walks into the kennel and the dogs start barking  This way! She finds THEON, who recoils in fear. She opens his cage.  We're going home.  No!  It's all right. It's me, Yara.  You can't trick me. Tell him. Tell him you couldn't trick me.  I'm not tricking you, Theon. I'm saving you.  Not Theon! Reek! Reek! My name is Reek!  They're here.  If they catch us in here, we're trapped. Help me with him. YARA and her FIRST MATE grab at THEON, trying to pull him out of the cage. The dogs bark.  No, you can't! You can't!  You're Theon Greyjoy.  No, I don't believe her! I know who I am! I'm Reek! Reek! Loyal Reek! Good Reek! I've always been Reek! RAMSEY enters with some Bolton guards, covered in bloody scratch marks as the dogs continue to bark. The FIRST MATE silences THEON. The Ironborn soldiers take a defensive position in front of THEON, YARA and the FIRST MATE.  This is turning into a lovely evening. RAMSAY charges and the Ironborn and Bolton engage in battle. The dogs bark and snarl in thier cages. RAMSAY fights effectively with his daggers.  I'm Reek! Loyal Reek! The FIRST MATE covers THEON's mouth once more. YARA grapples with a Bolton guard, who bites her hand.  Aah! Theon! THEON runs back into his cage, terrified. YARA quickly dispatches three guards and faces RAMSAY, panting.  Give me my brother and no more of your men will die.  You've got bigger balls than he ever did. But with those big balls of yours... RAMSAY produces a large key.  how fast can you run? RAMSAY opens the cage. YARA and the ironborn return to their skiff  Make for the ship, now.  But your brother.  My brother is dead. RAMSAY runs his hand through a warm bath. THEON stands in the background, meekly.  I have a treat for you. A reward.  Reward?  Yes, Reek. Those creatures who came in the night, they wanted to take you away. And you didn't let them. You remained loyal.  I-- I didn't want them to take me. I was so scared. I didn't want them-- RAMSAY stands and walks to THEON.  Yes, yes, Reek. It's a bath. For you. Remove those rags. Now. THEON removes his shirt. His torso is covered with scars.  The britches, too, Reek. Take them off. THEON removes his pants. RAMSAY points him to the bath, and he gets in, clumsily and warily. RAMSAY sits on the lip of the tub. He takes a sponge and begins to wash Theon.  (gasps)  Do you love me, Reek?  Yes, of course, my lord.  Good. Because I need you to do something for me. Something very important. There's a castle, you see. Some bad men hold this castle. I need your help to take this castle back.  But how can--  I need you to play a role. To pretend to be someone you're not.  Pretend to be who?  Theon Greyjoy. A GOATHERD and GOATHERD'S SON tend their flock. The GOATHERD'S SON throws stones in the river to amuse himself. He looks down, and suddenly Drogon flies overhead. He spits fire and takes a goat and flies off, screeching The GOATHERD stands before DAENERYS. JORAH, BARRISTAN SELMY and MISSANDEI stand with her, while GREY WORM stands guard.  (speaking Valyrian) You stand before Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, the First of Her Name, Queen of Meereen, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Sea, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons. Don't be afraid, my friend. The GOATHERD stands motionless, head bowed.  The Queen says you may approach and speak. The GOATHERD steps forward and ascends the stairs.  (speaks Valyrian).  He is a goatherd. He says he prayed for your victory against the slave masters.  I thank him for his prayers.  (speaks Valyrian) The GOATHERD places his bundle on the ground and reveals the charred of his goat.  (speaks Valyrian).  It was your dragons, he says. They came this morning for his flock.  (speaks Valyrian).  He hopes he has not offended Your Grace, but now he has nothing.  Tell this man I am sorry for his hardship. I cannot bring back his goats,  (translates)  but I will see he is paid their value three times over.  (speaks Valyrian, excitedly thanking her). The GOATHERD gathers his bundle and exits. DAENERYS is pleased.  Send the next one in. HIZDAHR ZO LORAQ and his MANSERVANT enters.  (Speaking Valyrian) The noble Hizdahr zo Loraq begs an audience with the Queen.  (Speaking Valyrian) The noble Hizdahr zo Loraq can speak to me himself. The MANSERVANT retreats and HIZDAHR comes forward and bows.  Queen Daenerys. Tales of your beauty were not exaggerated.  I thank you.  Mine is one of the oldest and proudest families in Meereen.  Then it is my honor to receive you.  My father, one of Meereen's most respected and beloved citizens, oversaw the restoration and maintenance of its greatest landmarks. This pyramid included.  For that, he has my gratitude. I should be honored to meet him.  You have, Your Grace. You crucified him. I pray you'll never live to see a member of your family treated so cruelly.  Your father crucified innocent children.  My father spoke out against crucifying those children. He decried it as a criminal act, but was overruled. Is it justice to answer one crime with another?  I am sorry you no longer have a father, but my treatment of the masters was no crime. You'd be wise to remember that.  What's done is done. You are the queen and I am a servant of Meereen. A servant who does not wish to see its traditions eradicated.  And what traditions do you speak of?  The tradition of funeral rite. Proper burial in the Temple of the Graces. My father and 162 noble Meereenese are still nailed to those posts, carrion for vultures, rotting in the sun. HIZDAHR kneels.  Your Grace, I ask that you order these men taken down so that they might receive proper burials.  And what of the slave children these noble Meereenese crucified? They were rotting in the sun as well. Would you have begged me for their right to a proper burial?  Your Grace, I cannot defend the actions of the masters. I can only speak to you as a son who loved his father. Let me take his body down. Let me have him brought to the temple and buried with dignity so that he might find peace in the next world.  Bury your father, Hizdahr zo Loraq.  Thank you, my queen. HIZDAHR exits with his MANSERVANT  How many more?  There are 212 supplicants waiting, Your Grace.  212? She looks to JORAH, who shrugs.  Send the next one in. OBERYN meets with CERSEI, VARYS, MACE TYRELL and PYCELLE.  These meetings aren't always going to be this early, are they? I was up late last night. So, does this mean I am a master of something now? Coins, ships?  Lord Tywin and I already determined that I shall be the Master of Ships long before you-- TYWIN enters and everyone rises, save OBERYN. TYWIN sits and the head of the table.  Lord Tywin, it's a great honor to have been granted a seat on this council. I-- Everyone sits.  The trial begins this afternoon. We only have the morning for affairs of state. Shall we begin?  Sandor Clegane has been spotted in the Riverlands, my lord.  A coward and a traitor.  My birds tell me the Hound slaughtered five of our soldiers. I believe the phrase "fuck the king" was uttered.  Disgraceful.  What would it take to make the common soldier stupid enough to try his luck with the Hound?  10 silver stags seems a generous bounty.  Make it 100. What else?  More whispers from the east, my lord.  The Targaryen girl?  Daenerys has taken up residence in Meereen. She has conquered the city and rules as its queen.  Conquered with what?  She commands an army of Unsullied, my queen. Some 8,000 strong. She has a company of sellswords-- the Second Sons. She has two knights advising her-- Jorah Mormont and Barristan Selmy. And she has three dragons.  Baby dragons. Larger every year, Your Grace.  Mormont is spying on her for us.  No longer. He appears to be fully devoted to her. As for Ser Barristan, it would seem he took his dismissal from the Kingsguard a bit harder than anticipated.  He's an old man. He wasn't fit to protect my son.  Joffrey didn't die on his watch. Dismissing him was as insulting as it was stupid.  Don't tell me you're worried about a child halfway across the world.  A child with two seasoned warriors counseling her and a powerful army at her back, Your Grace.  Lord Varys is right. I have been to Essos and seen the Unsullied firsthand. They are very impressive on the battlefield. Less so in the bedroom.  Dragons haven't won a war in 300 years. Armies win them all the time. She must be dealt with.  How, my lord? By force?  Eventually, if it comes to that. Can your little birds find their way into Meereen?  Most certainly, my Lord Hand.  Mmm. Lord Tyrell, be a good man. Fetch my quill and paper. MACE stands to retrieve them, and exits.  Prince Oberyn.  Lord Varys...  Only Varys. I'm not actually a nobleman. No one is under obligation to call me lord.  And yet everyone does.  You seem quite knowledgeable about the Unsullied. Did you spend much time in Essos?  Five years.  May I ask why?  'Tis a big and beautiful world. Most of us live and die in the same corner where we were born and never get to see any of it. I don't want to be most of us.  Most of us aren't princes.  You are from Essos. Where? Lys?  I have an ear for accents. I've lost my accent entirely.  I have an ear for that as well. How did you get here?  It's a long story.  One you don't like telling people.  People I trust.  My paramour Ellaria, she would find you very interesting. You should come to the brothel and meet her. We brought our own wine, not the swill they serve here. We have some lovely boys on retainer, but... VARYS doesn't answer.  You did like boys before?  (shakes his head)  Really? Girls? Hmm. I hope you won't be offended when I say I never would have guessed.  Not at all. But I was never interested in girls, either.  What then?  Nothing.  Everybody is interested in something.  Not me. When I see what desire does to people, what it's done to this country, I am very glad to have no part in it. Besides, the absence of desire leaves one free to pursue other things.  Such as? VARYS doesn't answer, but looks over to the throne instead. He exits. OBERYN ponders. JAIME peeks through the window of the cell. TYRION sits on his bed. JAIME asks the guard to open the door, then enters the cell.  Let me guess, I've been pardoned. JAIME nods an order to the guards behind him. They put him in manacles.  Really?  Father's orders.  Well, we mustn't disappoint Father. A door opens, and JAIME and TYRION enter. TYRION walks down the aisle through the crowd, flanked by two guards.  Kingslayer! TOMMEN sits on the Iron Throne, TYWIN at his side. TYRION Is led to the accused dais, where his wrists are freed. JAIME steps away, as do the guards. OBERYN and MACE TYRELL stand just to the right of the Iron Throne. TYRION takes measure of the room. TYWIN motions to TOMMEN, who rises in response. Everyone in the hall does as well, including MARGAERY, LORAS and CERSEI.  I, Tommen of the House Baratheon, First of my Name, King of the Andals and the First Men, and Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, do hereby recuse myself from this trial. Tywin of the House Lannister, Hand of the King, Protector of the Realm, will sit as judge in my stead. And with him Prince Oberyn of the House Martell and Lord Mace of the House Tyrell. And if found guilty... may the gods punish the accused. TOMMEN exits, walking past both TYRION and JAIME. OBERYN and MACE TYRELL join TYWIN on the main platform. Everyone sits, save TYRION.  Tyrion of the House Lannister, you stand accused by the Queen Regent of regicide. Did you kill King Joffrey?  No.  Did your wife, the Lady Sansa?  Not that I know of.  How would you say he died, then?  Choked on his pigeon pie.  So you would blame the bakers?  Or the pigeons. Just leave me out of it.  The crown may call its first witness. MERYN TRANT is on the stand.  Once we'd got King Joffrey safely away from the mob, the Imp rounded on him. He slapped the king across the face and called him a vicious idiot and a fool. It wasn't the first time the Imp threatened Joffrey. Right here in this throne room, he marched up those steps and called our king a halfwit. Compared His Grace to the Mad King and suggested he'd meet the same fate. And when I spoke in the king's defense, he threatened to have me killed.  Oh, why don't you tell them what Joffrey was doing?  Silence.  Pointing a loaded crossbow at Sansa Stark while you tore at her clothes and beat her.  Silence! You will not speak unless called upon. You're dismissed, Ser Meryn. MERYN TRANT exits, eyeing TYRION on his way out. PYCELLE is on the stand.  Basilisk venom, widow's blood, wolfsbane, essence of nightshade, sweetsleep, tears of Lys, demon's dance... blind eye--  I think you have made your point, Grand Maester. You have a lot of poison in your store.  Had, Prince Oberyn. My stores were plundered.  By whom?  By the accused, Tyrion Lannister, after he had me wrongfully imprisoned.  Grand Maester, you examined King Joffrey's corpse. Was it without question poison that killed him?  Without question. The crowd murmurs. PYCELLE removes a necklace from his sleeve.  This was found on the body of Dontos Hollard, the king's fool. He was last seen spiriting Sansa Stark, the wife of the accused, away from the feast. She wore this necklace the day of the wedding. Residue of a most rare and terrible poison was found inside.  Was this one of the poisons stolen from your store?  It was. The Strangler. A poison few in the Seven Kingdoms possess. And used to strike down the most noble child the gods ever put on this good earth. The crowd murmurs. CERSEI is on the stand.  "I will hurt you for this. A day will come when you think you are safe and happy and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth and you will know the debt is paid."  Your own brother said this to you?  (Nods.) Shortly before the Battle of Blackwater Bay. I confronted him about his plans to put Joffrey on the front lines. As it turned out, when the attack came, Joff insisted on remaining at the battlements. He believed his presence would inspire the troops.  Tyrion said, "And you will know the debt is paid." What debt?  I discovered he'd been keeping whores in the Tower of the Hand. I asked him to confine his salacious acts to the brothel where such behavior belongs. He wasn't pleased.  (shakes his head)  Thank you, Your Grace, for the courage of your testimony. MARGAERY sighs. CERSEI leaves the witness stand. JAIME watches her return to her seat, and their eyes lock. VARYS is on the stand.  Do you remember the precise nature of this threat?  I'm afraid I do, my lord. He said, "Perhaps you should speak more softly to me, then. Monsters are dangerous and just now kings are dying like flies."  And he said this to you at a meeting of the small council?  Yes. After we received word of Robb Stark's death. He didn't seem gladdened by the news. Perhaps his marriage to Sansa Stark had made him more sympathetic to the northern cause. The crowd murmurs.  You're excused, Lord Varys. VARYS nods and leaves the stand.  Father, may I ask the witness one question?  One.  You once said that without me, this city would have faced certain defeat. You said the histories would never mention me, but you would not forget. Have you forgotten, Lord Varys?  Sadly, my lord, I never forget a thing. VARYS bows and exits. TYRION watches him go.  We will adjourn for now. TYWIN, OBERYN and MACE stand.  Toll the bells in an hour's time.  Clear the court! The crowd stands. JAIME and CERSEI look at one another. The crowd files out and TYRION sits, dejected. INT; Tywin's chambers. TYWIN sits eating. JAIME stands.  You'd condemn your own son to death?  I've condemned no one. The trial is not over.  This isn't a trial. It's a farce. Cersei has manipulated everything and you know it.  I know nothing of the sort.  You've always hated Tyrion.  He killed his king.  As did I. Do you know the last order the Mad King gave me? To bring him your head. I saved your life so you could murder my brother?  It won't be murder. It'll be justice.  Justice?  I'm performing my sworn duty as Hand of the King. If Tyrion is found guilty, he will be punished accordingly.  He'll be executed.  No, he'll be punished accordingly.  Once you said family is what lives on. All that lives on. You told me about a dynasty that would last 1,000 years. What happens to your dynasty when Tyrion dies? I'm a Kingsguard, forbidden by oath to carry on the family line.  I'm well aware of your oath.  What happens to your name? Who carries the lion banner into future battles? Your nephews? Lancel Lannister? Others whose names I don't even remember?  What happens to my dynasty if I spare the life of my grandson's killer?  It survives through me. I'll leave the Kingsguard. I'll take my place as your son and heir if you let Tyrion live.  Done. JAIME is speechless.  When the testimony's concluded and a guilty verdict rendered, Tyrion will be given the chance to speak. He'll plead for mercy. I'll allow him to join the Night's Watch. In three days' time, he'll depart for Castle Black and live out his days at the Wall. You'll remove your white cloak immediately. You will leave King's Landing to assume your rightful place at Casterly Rock. You will marry a suitable woman and father children named Lannister. And you'll never turn your back on your family again.  You have my word.  And you have mine. A bell tolls and JAIME exits. TYWIN drinks. -- The crowd assembles once again. JAIME enters and walks over to TYRION, who sits in the accused box.  Not going well, is it?  You're going to be found guilty.  Oh, you think so?  When you are, you need to enter a formal plea for mercy and ask to be sent to the Wall. Father's agreed to it. He'll spare your life and allow you to join the Night's Watch.  Ned Stark was promised the same thing and we both know how that turned out. CERSEI enters. She watches her brothers whispering.  Father is not Joffrey. He'll keep his word.  How do you know? TYWIN, OBERYN and MACE enter and the crowd stands.  Do you trust me?  (nods)  Keep your mouth shut. No more outbursts. This will all be over soon. The crowd sits and JAIME takes his place.  The crown may call its next witness. There are footsteps. TYRION turns and is shocked to see SHAE enter. She enters the witness box, looking down.  State your name.  Shae.  Do you swear by all the gods that your testimony will be true and honest?  I swear it.  Do you know this man? SHAE looks at TYRION.  Yes. Tyrion Lannister.  How do you know him?  I was handmaiden to his wife Lady Sansa.  This man stands accused of murdering King Joffrey. What do you know of this?  I know that he's guilty. The crowd gasps.  He and Sansa planned it together. The crowd murmurs.  Silence! Continue. TYRION sits, shocked.  She wanted revenge for her father, her mother, her brother. She blamed their deaths on the king. Tyrion was happy to help. He hated Joffrey. He hated the queen. He hated you, my lord. The crowd murmurs.  He stole poison from the Grand Maester's chamber to put in Joffrey's wine.  How could you possibly know all this? Why would he reveal such plans to his wife's maid?  I wasn't just her maid. I was his whore. The crowd murmurs.  I beg your pardon? You said you were his...  His whore.  How did you come to be in his service?  He stole me. I was with another man, a knight in your lordship's army. But when Tyrion arrived at the camp, he sent one of his cutthroats into our tent. He broke the knight's arm and brought me to Lord Tyrion. "You belong to me now," he said. "I want you to fuck me like it's my last night in this world." The crowd laughs.  Silence. Silence!  And did you?  Did I what?  Fuck him like it was his last night in this world.  I did everything he wanted. Whatever he told me to do to him. Whatever he felt like doing to me. I kissed him where he wanted. I licked him where he wanted. I let him put himself where he wanted. I was his property. I would wait in his chambers for hours so he could use me when he was bored. He ordered me to call him "my lion," so I did. I took his face in my hands and said, "I am yours and you are mine."  Shae. Please don't.  I am a whore. Remember? That was before he married Sansa. After that, all he wanted was her. But she wouldn't let him into her bed. So he promised to kill King Joffrey for her. The crowd clamors.  Father, I wish to confess. I wish... to confess. JAIME is shocked.  You wish to confess? TYRION turns to the crowd.  I saved you. I saved this city and all your worthless lives. I should have let Stannis kill you all. The crowd clamors.  Tyrion. Do you wish to confess?  Yes, Father. I'm guilty. Guilty. Is that what you want to hear?  You admit you poisoned the king?  No, of that I'm innocent. I'm guilty of a far more monstrous crime. I am guilty of being a dwarf.  You are not on trial for being a dwarf.  Oh, yes, I am. I've been on trial for that my entire life.  Have you nothing to say in your defense?  Nothing but this-- I did not do it. I did not kill Joffrey, but I wish that I had.  (To Cersei) Watching your vicious bastard die gave me more relief than 1,000 lying whores.  (To the crowd) I wish I was the monster you think I am. I wish I had enough poison for the whole pack of you. I would gladly give my life to watch you all swallow it.  Ser Meryn. Ser Meryn. Escort the prisoner back to his cell.  I will not give my life for Joffrey's murder. And I know I'll get no justice here. So I will let the gods decide my fate. I demand a trial by combat. The crowd clamors. JAIME and TYRION stand in the jail cell.  I made a deal for you to keep your ungrateful head on your ungrateful neck a little while longer.  I'm sorry, what am I grateful for? The opportunity to live and die at the Wall as punishment for a crime I did not commit?  You threw your life away. You threw it away. It's not a joke. You understand that, don't you?  Of course it's a joke, just not a very funny one. I couldn't-- I couldn't listen to her standing there telling her lies. I couldn't do it.  You fell in love with a whore.  Yes, I fell in love with a whore. And I was stupid enough to think that she had fallen in love with me. That deal you made, it was everything Father wanted. You do see that? He gets you back as his heir. The future Lord of the Rock. And he ships me off to Castle Black, out of sight at last. All so perfect. It felt good to take that from him. He knows I'm innocent and he's willing to sacrifice me anyway. He's willing to sacrifice any of us. Not you. You're the golden son. You could kill a king, lose a hand, fuck your own sister, you'll always be the golden son.  Careful. I'm the last friend you've got.  At least I got to tell them what they really are.  Yes, brilliant speech. They'll be talking about it for days to come. I thought you were a realist. Didn't realize you'd die for pride.  Don't give up on me just yet. I survived one trial by combat, even though you weren't there to save me.  I can't save you this time either. My training has proved that I can't beat a stable boy with my left hand.  Where's your sense of adventure? Even if you lose, imagine the look on Father's face when you fall.  (laughs)  Our family name snuffed out with a single swing of the sword.  It is tempting.  Well... Bronn fought for me once, he'll do it again. If he wins, I expect I'll be in his debt for the rest of my life.  If he wins.  Will you find him for me? Who does Cersei plan on naming as a champion? I hope it's Ser Meryn Trant. I'd enjoy watching Bronn disembowel that pompous child beater.  No. Not Ser Meryn. The MOUNTAIN gores a prisoner on his great sword, heaving him mightily into the air. Blood streams from his mouth as the MOUNTAIN discards his body onto the sand. CERSEI watches. A line of filthy prisoners wait for a similar fate, a pair of guards behind them. A GUARD pushes the next PRISONER forward.  Go on, move it. The GUARD pushes PRISONER #2 forward. They reach  And you. Come on. The prisoners reach down to pick up meager weapons. PRISONER #1 attacks the MOUNTAIN, who parries and then disembowels him with a single blow. He takes a step forward. PRISONER #2 throws down his weapon and drops to his knees. The line of prisoners panics and the guards work to contain them.  Mercy. Please. Please, mercy. CERSEI enters as the MOUNTAIN dispatches PRISONER #2 with a series of overhead blows.  Ser Gregor. Welcome to the capital. Thank you for riding here so quickly. CERSEI looks down.  You seem to be in good form.  Who am I fighting?  Does it matter?  (Shakes his head.) ARYA and the HOUND ride up to a smoldering farm.  Could be food.  Could be soldiers. ARYA and the HOUND dismount and explore the farm. They come upon a DYING MAN, who sits propped up with a gut wound.  You shouldn't be sitting out here like this.  Where else to sit? Tried to walk back to my hut, hurt too much. Then I remembered they burned my hut down.  Who were "they"?  I stopped asking a while ago. The HOUND kneels down to inspect his wound.  That's not gonna get better.  Doesn't seem so.  A bad way to go. Haven't you had enough?  Of what? I know. Time to go. Take matters into my own hands. The thought has occurred to me. ARYA kneels.  So why go on?  Habit.  Nothing could be worse than this.  Maybe nothing is worse than this.  Nothing isn't better or worse than anything. Nothing is just nothing.  Who are you?  My name is Arya. Arya Stark.  You her father?  (Shakes his head.) Her captor. Bringing her to her aunt for ransom.  A fair exchange, that is. Always held to the notion of fair exchange in all my dealings. You give me, I give you. Fair. A balance. No balance anymore. Could I have a drink? Dying is thirsty work. The HOUND gives him a drink of water.  Wish it were wine.  So do I. The HOUND stabs the DYING MAN in the heart. He dies. The HOUND wipes the blood from his knife on the man's arm.  That's where the heart is. That's how you kill a man. Suddenly, BITER jumps onto the the HOUND's back, shouting and biting his neck. The HOUND throws BITER down, breaking his neck in the process. He turns to see RORGE, weapon drawn.  The fuck you doing?  There's a price on your head.  Guess that's what the king does when you tell him to fuck off.  The king's dead. He drank poisoned wine at his own wedding. The bounty on you is for killing Lannister soldiers. 100 silver stags.  And you thought you were going to collect it? Didn't think very hard, did you?  You were Yoren's prisoners when he was taking me to the Wall. He told me he'd fuck me bloody with a stick.  This day's really not working out the way you planned. He on your little list?  He can't be. I don't know his name.  What's your name?  Rorge.  Thank you. ARYA draws needle quickly and pierces RORGE in the heart. He groans and falls. ARYA wipes her sword clean on his body.  You're learning. The rangers train in the yard. A horn blows  Rangers returning!  They return! JON, GRENN, DOLOROUS EDD and their party enter. The men in the yard greet them, including SAM.  Rangers returning!  Greetings.  Didn't think I'd see you again. JON and SAM hug.  All right, Jon?  Welcome back, brother. ALLISER THORNE and JANOS SLYNT enter on the platform above.  Lord Snow. JON finishes greeting OLLY. They all look up. Ghost barks.  This is no place for wild beasts. Lock him away or I'll let Hobb throw him in tonight's stew. JON turns and walks away  Come on, Ghost. The Night's Watch is gathered for a meeting. From the floor, JON addresses ALLISER THRONE who sits at the elevated table with JANOS SLYNT. First builder YARWICK also sits at the head table.  Mance's army was closing in on Craster's Keep when we left. We saw their campfires from Osric's Hill. They'll reach the Wall before the next full moon.  I'm surprised you didn't ride over and say hello. The King-beyond-the-Wall is your old friend, isn't he?  We need to prepare.  We've been preparing.  We should seal the tunnel. Plug it with rocks and ice. Flood it and let it freeze.  And how would we range north?  We wouldn't.  Coward. You would cut off our legs, pluck out our eyes, leave us cowering behind the Wall hoping for the storm to pass?  We can't defend the gate against 100,000 men.  This castle has stood for thousands of years. The Night's Watch has defended her for thousands of years. And in all those centuries, we have never sealed the tunnel.  Have you ever seen a giant, Ser Alliser? I have.  The bars on those gates are four inches thick. Cold-rolled steel.  They won't stop them.  Remind me which order you belong to, Lord Snow.  The stewards.  Are the stewards responsible for maintaining the tunnel?  No.  Who would that be?  The builders. Ah, the builders. First Builder Yarwyck, Lord Snow here recommends sealing the tunnel, leaving us unable to carry out our duties as sworn brothers of the Night's Watch. Do you agree with him?  (Pauses.) No.  Given your deep knowledge of the wildling army, Lord Snow, you and Tarly will take night duties atop the Wall until the full moon. The room laughs.  Moving on. First Builder, we'll need 100 barrels of pitch brought atop the wall.  Aye. JON sits in frustration. TYRION sits and looks out the window. A door opens beyond his cell. BRONN walks down the stairs and is let into the cell.  My lord.  You have new clothes.  Do you like 'em? Eh? Gloves are doeskin. Softer than a virgin's thighs.  I sent for you days ago.  I've been a bit busy.  Doing what?  My lonesome bachelor days are over. I'm to wed Lollys Stokeworth.  Lollys Stokeworth? She doesn't strike me as your sort of girl.  I wouldn't say I had a single sort of girl.  She's dim-witted.  If I wanted wits, I'd marry you.  When my sister arranged this love match, did she mention that Lollys has an older sister?  Falyse. Aye, I did know about the older sister.  And you understand the rules of inheritance?  Falyse is 40 and barren.  She still gets Castle Stokeworth when her father dies.  She does. Unless she happens to perish before her father. Then Lollys gets the castle.  (scoffs.)  What? Ladies fall from their horses and snap their pretty necks all the time.  You and my sister deserve each other. Why did you bother to come here? BRONN sits.  You once said if anyone ever asked me to sell you out, you'd double their price.  Is it two wives you want or two castles?  One of each will do. But if you want me to kill the Mountain for you, it'd better be a damn big castle.  I'm a bit short on castles at the moment. But I can offer you gold and gratitude.  I have gold. What can I buy with gratitude?  You might be surprised. A Lannister always pays his debts.  Your sister's a Lannister, too.  My wife is heir to Winterfell. If I emerge from this with my head still on my shoulders, I may one day rule the North in her name. I could carve you out a big piece of it.  If and may and could. It's bloody cold up north. Lollys is soft and warm. And close. If I gave you the choice between fucking Lollys and fighting the Mountain, you'd have your britches down and your cock out before I could blink.  Does he frighten you so much?  I'd be a bloody fool if he didn't frighten me. He's freakish big and freakish strong. And quicker than you'd expect for a man of that size. Maybe I could take him, dance around until he's so tired of hacking at me, he dropped his sword, get him off his feet somehow. But one misstep... ...and I'm dead. Why should I risk it?  Because you're my friend.  Aye, I'm your friend. And when have you ever risked your life for me? TYRION doesn't answer. BRONN stands.  I like you, pampered little shit that you are. I just like myself more.  I understand.  I'm sorry it has to be this way.  Why are you sorry? Because you're an evil bastard with no conscience and no heart? That's what I liked about you in the first place. TYRION extends his hand and BRONN shakes it heartily.  We had some good days together.  Yes, we did. BRONN pats TYRION's arm, then walks to knock on the door.  What will you do?  I suppose I'll have to kill the Mountain myself. Won't that make for a great song?  I hope to hear them sing it one day. BRONN exits. DAENERYS enters to find DAARIO in her chambers.  How did you get in here? Your door is well guarded,  but your window is not. DAENERYS walks to DAARIO, and he hands her some flowers.  I swam to an island a mile offshore for these. She hands them back.  Don't do that again.  Never met a woman who didn't like wildflowers.  These are my private quarters. If I want you here, I will summon you. DAENERYS sits. DAARIO kneels playfully for forgiveness.  Forgive me, my queen. I live to serve you.  Tell me why you're here. DAARIO rises.  I came to ask a favor. I only have two talents in this world-- war and women. You are staying here in Meereen to rule. That is a wise decision. I respect it. But here in Meereen, I cannot pursue my talents.  I've ordered the Second Sons to patrol the streets to stop the revenge killing.  You've ordered us to be night watchmen.  And as for women, there are thousands in Meereen you can pursue.  There is only one, and she does not want me.  You swore me your sword.  My sword is yours till the day I die.  So if I command you to stay in Meereen and patrol the streets?  I'll stay in Meereen and patrol the streets. Send me to kill your enemies. Any enemy anywhere. Let me do what I do best.  Very well. DAENERYS stands and pours herself some wine.  Do what you do best. She sits.  Take off your clothes. DAARIO smiles. DAENERYS watches has he removes his clothes. MELISANDRE lies in the bath. After knocking, SELYSE enters.  Oh.  Come in, my queen. Please.  I didn't mean to disturb you, my lady.  You could never disturb me.  I just wanted to speak with you before we left.  Could you bring me that vial over there? The blue one. SELYSE reaches for a vial, but MELISANDRE stops her.  No, no, no. Not that one. You don't even want to touch that one. Next to it. That's the one. SELYSE brings over the vial and MELISANDRE shakes some into the bath. She sighs.  When I looked into the flames this morning, the Lord spoke to me. He said, "Tonight, you will have your last good bath in a long while. Make it count." A joke. Not a very good one, I'm afraid.  It was. I-- humor isn't my strength.  That's because most jokes are lies and you're devoted to the truth.  If they're lies, my lady, aren't they best avoided?  Not always. MELISANDRE leaves the bath and walks to the potions  Most of these powders and potions are lies. Deceptions to make men think they witnessed our Lord's power. Once they step into his light, they will see the lie for what it was-- a trick that lead them to the truth. A pinch of this powder in a bonfire will send a flaming column screaming towards the sky. And this one creates a black smoke that will make the bravest man piss himself with fear. And a drop of this in any man's wine will drive him wild with lust.  Did you use it with Stannis?  No. Don't be upset. Men never crave what they already have. MELISANDRE touches SELYSE on the cheek.  It's only flesh. It needs what it needs. MELISANDRE puts on her robe.  No act done in service of the Lord can ever be called a sin. I thank God every day for bringing you to us. And Stannis to you. He wants to bring Shireen with us. I think that would be ill-advised. My daughter has heretical tendencies, as you're well aware. I don't know if her doubt is real or simply meant to spite me, but whichever the case, she should stay home. MELISANDRE takes her hand.  I understand how you feel.  Hmm.  But that is impossible.  Why?  You don't need powders and potions, my queen. You don't need lies. You are strong enough to look into the Lord's light and see his truth for yourself. They look into the fire.  However harsh it is. However hard for us to understand. You don't need my help, but I will need yours soon. When we set sail, your daughter must be with us. The Lord needs her. DAARIO walks down the hall, encountering JORAH.  Jorah the Andal. Are you here to see our queen? She's in a good mood. DAARIO pats JORAH on the shoulder and exits. DAENERYS stands in her chambers. JORAH enters.  Khaleesi.  You're here early.  Later than some.  You don't approve?  It's not a question of approval, it's a question of trust.  You neither approve nor trust.  Why would I? The man's a sellsword.  Didn't you fight for the Golden Company before pledging your sword to my brother?  I did.  I trust you.  Daario Naharis killed his captains and dumped their heads at your feet when he grew tired of their commands. How could you ever have faith in a man like that?  I could never have faith in a man like Daario. That's why I've sent him and the Second Sons to retake Yunkai.  You have?  I have.  Without you there to rule, Khaleesi, I fear the masters will simply bide their time, wait for the invaders to leave and reassert control.  That is why I've ordered Daario to execute every master in Yunkai. The masters tear babies from their mothers' arms. They mutilate little boys by the thousands. They train little girls in the art of pleasuring old men. They treat men like beasts, as you said yourself.  Herding the masters into pens and slaughtering them by the thousands is also treating men like beasts. The slaves you freed, brutality is all they've ever known. If you want them to know something else, you'll have to show it to them.  And repay the slavers with what? Kindness? A fine? A stern warning?  It's tempting to see your enemies as evil, all of them, but there's good and evil on both sides in every war ever fought.  Let the priests argue over good and evil. Slavery is real. I can end it. I will end it. And I will end those behind it.  I sold men into slavery, Khaleesi.  And now you are helping me show them to freedom.  I wouldn't be here to help you if Ned Stark had done to me what you want to do to the masters of Yunkai. DAENERYS considers.  The man who came to me the other day about burying his father.  Hizdahr zo Loraq?  He will accompany the Second Sons and serve as my ambassador to Yunkai. He will tell the masters what has happened in Meereen. He will explain the choice they have before them. They can live in my new world or they can die in their old one.  (Nods.)  Well, go and catch Daario before he leaves. Tell him I changed my mind.  Yes, Khaleesi. JORAH starts to exit.  No. Tell him you changed my mind. JORAH exits. The HOUND and ARYA sit by the fire. The HOUND tends clumsily to his neck wound.  Rat cunts. Fucking whore.  You're doing it wrong. You need to burn away that horrible bit there. Otherwise it's gonna get infected and fester. I know you don't like fire, but if you don't do it right--  No fire. ARYA stands and takes a flaming stick to the HOUND.  It'll only take a second. It won't hurt that much. The HOUND stands and backs away.  No fire! They stand silently. ARYA turns and puts the stick back in the fire. She sits and polishes Needle.  Shut up about it. Shut up about everything. Thanks to you, I'm a walking bag of silver anywhere the Lannisters hold sway. Which is everywhere between where we are now and where we're going. The HOUND sits.  I'm as stupid as that hog you stuck back in the village, getting myself cut and stabbed and bitten. No reward is worth this much trouble. Wish I'd never laid eyes on you. You say your brother gave you that sword. He points to his face.  My brother gave me this. It was just like you said a while back. Pressed me to the fire like I was a nice juicy mutton chop.  Why?  Thought I stole one of his toys. I didn't steal it. I was just playing with it. The pain was bad. The smell was worse. But the worst thing was that it was my brother who did it. My father, who protected him... told everyone my bedding caught fire. You think you're on your own?  Let me wash it out and help you sew it up at least. The HOUND doesn't answer. ARYA stands and walks to him. She pours water on his wound and begins to sew it. BRIENNE and PODRICK sit for dinner. The server places a pie in front of them.  Bit of comfort never hurt anyone. We've been sleeping in ditches the last few weeks. I think we can treat ourselves to a featherbed for the night and a hot meal not cooked by you. PODRICK drinks greedily from his cup.  Couldn't agree more, my lady.  Just don't start expecting silk underclothes. Not working for your former lord any longer.  Yes, my lady. BRIENNE stops PODRICK from drinking.  Don't get drunk.  No, my lady.  Can I get you anything else?  No, this will do nicely, thank you. Kidney pie is wonderful.  Thanks. I do my best. HOT PIE sits.  A good kidney pie is all about the ingredients. Flour, lard, water, eggs, milk. Easy enough. But the meat, peacetime or not, getting your hands on a good bottom round steak and calves' kidneys is not easy. I mean, some people settle for plain old beef kidneys. Got no right to cook anything, them. Oh, and the gravy. Don't get me started on the gravy. Very difficult to get right. See, a lot of people give up on the gravy. You cannot give up on the gravy. No gravy, no pie. Simple as that. That's nice armor. Are you a knight?  No.  Oh, it's just people with armor are usually knights. Generally speaking. From King's Landing, though, aren't you? From there myself originally. Flea Bottom born and bred. What brings you to these parts?  We're looking for someone.  Someone in particular? Maybe they came in here. A lot of people come in here. Just the other day we had 17--  A girl, tall, red hair, very pretty. Her name is Sansa Stark, but she may be using a different name.  Starks? What, like them lot from "Winterhell"? HOT PIE stands and starts to go.  sNo, ain't seen anyone like that. I heard they was all traitors. Don't need no traitors in here.  I pledged my life to their mother Catelyn Stark. I swore to her I'd bring her daughters home.  Sure I can't get you a bit more kidney pie? BRIENNE and PODRICK prepare the horses.  What?  It's nothing, my lady.  You wouldn't be screwing your face up like that if it was nothing.  Don't want to offend, my lady. Truly, I don't.  You're not interesting enough to be offensive.  The Lannisters want Lady Sansa. The Lannisters have money. People kill for money. I don't think we should be telling people we're searching for Lady Sansa. HOT PIE enters.  My lady. My lord. Could I have a word?  What about? Not kidney pie.  You seem like a proper lady. Someone who could be trusted. I never met no Sansa Stark. But I know her sister... Arya.  No one's seen Arya Stark since her father was beheaded. She's presumed dead.  She weren't when I last spoke to her.  When was that?  Heading up north with the Night's Watch. She was all dressed up as a boy. Like your ladyship, only without the armor. Going by the name Arry.  So what happened to her?  Well--  The quick version.  The Lannisters took us prisoner. We escaped. The Brotherhood took us prisoner. They sold me to the innkeep. They were gonna sell Arya to her mother at Riverrun along with another prisoner. Big ugly fellow. Foul mouth and a face like a half-burnt ham. Not friendly.  The Hound.  That's the one. If you find her, could you give her this? She liked the last one I gave her, but, well, this one turned out better. PODRICK hands a small bundle to BRIENNE. He exits. BRIENNE opens the bundle to reveal a bread shaped like a wolf.  Um, you were saying? BRIENNE and PODRICK walk their horses down the road.  Her mother's dead, grandfather's dead, Walder Frey is the new lord of Riverrun. The Brotherhood isn't going to Riverrun.  They'll take her to the Eyrie, my lady.  Why the Eyrie?  Her aunt, Lysa Arryn. Catelyn Stark's sister. She's Arya's last living relative with money. She hates the Lannisters. Lord Tyrion made sure I knew which house married which and who hated who.  Sansa could be there, too.  Aye, my lady. Could be.  You sure about this?  No. They continue through the woods. TYRION sits in the dark, sadly. The door opens and OBERYN enters, bearing a torch..  I imagined you'd be back at the brothel at this hour.  I did spend some time with an absolutely stunning blonde the other day.  Mm, do tell. I've got every kind of filth down here except the kind I like. OBERYN puts down his torch and sits.  Your sister.  Oh.  Cersei approached me. We spoke a great deal about her daughter. How worried your sister is about her. She was trying very hard to pretend she had not come to sway me against you. I think she may have even believed it herself.  Making honest feelings do dishonest work is one of her many gifts.  It was difficult for her to hide her true intentions. It is rare to meet a Lannister who shares my enthusiasm for dead Lannisters. She desperately wants to see you killed.  She didn't need to bother you. It looks as though I've taken care of that myself. The joy she will feel when my head leaves my neck. She's wanted this for a long time.  Yes, I know. We met, you and I. Many years ago.  I think I would have remembered that.  Unlikely. You had just been born. Our father brought me and my sister Elia with him on a visit to Casterly Rock. My first time away from Dorne. I didn't like anything about the Rock. Not the food, not the weather, your accents. Nothing. But the biggest disappointment... you.  You and my family have more in common than you might admit.  The whole way from Dorne all anyone talked about was the monster that had been born to Tywin Lannister. A head twice the size of his body, a tail between his legs, claws, one red eye, the privates of both a girl and a boy.  That would have made things so much easier.  When we met your sister, she promised she would show you to us. Every day we would ask. Every day she would say, "Soon." Then she and your brother took us to your nursery and... she unveiled the freak. Your head was a bit large. Your arms and legs were a bit small, but no claw. No red eye. No tail between your legs. Just a tiny pink cock. We didn't try to hide our disappointment. "That's not a monster," I told Cersei. "That's just a baby." And she said, "He killed my mother." And she pinched your little cock so hard, I thought she might pull it off. Until your brother made her stop. "It doesn't matter," she told us. "Everyone says he will die soon. I hope they are right. He should not have lived this long."  Well... sooner or later, Cersei always gets what she wants.  And what about what I want? Justice for my sister and her children.  If you want justice, you've come to the wrong place.  I disagree. OBERYN rises.  I've come to the perfect place. I want to bring those who have wronged me to justice. And all those who have wronged me are right here. I will begin with Ser Gregor Clegane, who killed my sister's children and then raped her with their blood still on his hands before killing her, too. I will be your champion. EXT; The Aerie courtyard. SANSA walks out to the courtyard. It is snowing. She builds a model of Winterfell from snow. ROBIN enters.  Hello, Robin.  What are you doing?  I'm building my home, Winterfell. At least I think I am. I haven't been back there in a very long time.  Why did you leave?  It's a long story.  I stay here in the Eyrie. Mother says it's dangerous on the roads and I have to keep myself safe because I'm the Lord of the Vale and the Lord of the Vale is a very important person.  Yes, you certainly are.  When will you go back?  Probably never. My family doesn't live there anymore and someone burned it down.  Oh. Does Winterfell have a Moon Door?  No, I'm afraid not. It's not high up in the mountains. It's down on the ground.  That sounds dangerous. How do you make people fly?  We don't.  What do you do with all the bad people and the scary people and the people you don't like?  I never did anything with them at all. Girls didn't take part in that where I came from.  Well, I'm Lord of the Vale. When I grow up, I'll be able to fly anybody who bothers me. Or you. When we get married, you can tell me if you don't like somebody and then we can bring them back here and, whoosh! Right through the Moon Door.  I like the sound of that.  Let's put a Moon Door in your Winterfell.  All right.  It can go in here in this big tower. ROBIN reaches to show her, and accidentally knocks down the snow tower.  Careful. You've ruined it. Now I'm going to have to rebuild the whole thing.  I didn't ruin it.  You did.  It was already ruined because it didn't have a Moon Door. I was fixing it.  Knocking things down isn't fixing them. It's ruining them.  I didn't ruin it!  You're being stupid.  I didn't ruin it! ROBIN, in a tantrum, kicks and smashes the snow castle. Shocked, SANSA slaps him. ROBIN exits, sobbing.  Robin, I'm sorry, I-- LITTLEFINGER enters.  Children.  I hit him.  Yes, I saw.  I shouldn't have done that.  No, his mother should have a long time ago. Consider it a step in the right direction.  If he tells Aunt Lysa...  Let me worry about Aunt Lysa.  I was trying to remember what everything looked like. I'll never see it again.  A lot can happen between now and never. If you want to build a better home, first you must demolish the old one.  Why did you really kill Joffrey? Tell me why.  I loved your mother more than you could ever know. Given the opportunity, what do we do to those who've hurt the ones we love? In a better world, one where love could overcome strength and duty, you might have been my child. But we don't live in that world. LITTLEFINGER touches SANSA's hair.  You're more beautiful than she ever was.  Lord Baelish...  Call me Petyr. LITTLEFINGER kisses SANSA. Above them, LYSA has been watching, and she exits quickly. SANSA enters. LYSA stands looking out the moon door.  You wanted to see me, Aunt Lysa?  Come here, Sansa. SANSA joins her beside the moon door.  Do you know how far the fall is?  No.  Neither do I, precisely. Hundreds of feet. It's fascinating what happens to bodies when they hit the rocks from such a height. The impact breaks them right apart. Like eggs dropped on the floor. Sometimes pieces remain intact. You'll find the head sitting on its own. Every hair in place. Blue eyes staring at nothing. I know what you did.  I'm so sorry, Aunt Lysa. I never should have hit Robin, I know it. I promise it won't happen--  Don't be coy with me, you little whore. You kissed him. You kissed Petyr.  I didn't. You don't understand. LYSA grabs SANSA's forearm.  I saw you! You can't lie to me because I saw it with my own eyes.  He kissed me. I pulled away. LYSA grabs SANSA's hair and forces her to lean over the moon door.  Liar! Whore! He is mine! LYSA pushed SANSA onto her hands and knees.  Please!  My father, my husband, my sister, they all stood between us and now they're all dead. That's what happens to people who stand between Petyr and me. Look down! Look down! Look down! Look down!  Lysa! Let her go.  You want her? This empty-headed child?  Let her go.  She's just like her mother. She'll never love you. I lied for you. I killed for you. Why did you bring her here? Why?  I'll send her away. I swear on my life. I swear to all the gods. Let her go, Lysa. LYSA cries. She pushes SANSA away from the moon door and begins weeping. LITTLEFINGER approaches her and hugs her.  Oh, my sweet wife. My sweet, silly wife. LITTLEFINGER helps LYSA to stand.  I have only loved one woman... only one, my entire life. Your sister. LITTLEFINGER pushes LYSA through the moon door. She screams as she falls. A younger Cersei and her friend Melara are walking in the woods.  We shouldnt be out here alone.  Why not?  If your father hears  Hell never know weve been gone.  But if he finds out Cersei takes her hands.  You dont need to be afraid of my father. They walk until they see a hut with smoke coming out of it.  Are you sure?  Yes.  We shouldnt go in.  Of course we should. A fire is burning and various plants are hanging from the ceiling. They hear a shriek then  Get out. Get out!  Lets go  No.  Listen to your friend.  They said that you were terrifying. With cats teeth and three eyes. Youre not terrifying. Youre boring.  You dont know what I am.  I know youre a witch and you can see the future. Tell me mine.  Everybody wants to know their future. Until they know their future.  This is my fathers land. My land. Tell me my future or Ill have your two boring eyes gouged out of your head. Maggy chuckles then hands Cersei a knife.  Your blood. Give me a taste. Cersei cuts her thumb then Maggy grabs her hand to suck her blood.  Three questions you get. You wont like the answers.  Ive been promised to the prince. When will we marry?  Youll never wed the prince. Youll wed the king.  But I will be queen?  Oh yes, youll be queen. For a time. In comes another. Younger, more beautiful, to cast you down and take all you hold dear.  Will the king and I have children?  No. The king will have 20 children, and you will have 3.  That doesnt make sense.  Gold will be their crowns. Gold their shrouds. Maggy starts laughing. Cerseis thumb starts dripping blood.  Come on, we have to go. We have to go! Cersei! Cersei gets out of a cart to a funeral procession outside of the Great Sept of Baelor. She walks to the top of the stairs.  Your grace, we are honored by your presence. The mourners are waiting.  They will keep waiting. I want a moment alone with him.  But your grace, many of these lords and ladies have travelled day and night to be here Cersei starts walking away.  From all seven kingdoms  They will wait. Tywins body rests with hand-painted stones on top of his eyes. Jaime presides over the body. Cersei walks next to him.  He never wanted you to be a Kings Guard, but here you are, protecting his dead body.  What he built. The towers. He built it for us. He meant it for us. Theyre going to try to take it away, all of it.  They?  All of them out there are enemies. Theyre waiting a night to make sure hes really dead and as soon as they see the stones on his eyes theyll set to work on tearing us apart.  They had nothing to do with it. The man who murdered our father, he tore us apart, hes the enemy. Ive been telling you for years, youve been defending him for years  This is exactly what they want.  ...and now our father is dead. And that little monster is out there somewhere drawing breath. Did you set him free? No response from Jaime.  Tyrion may be a monster but at least he killed our father on purpose. You killed him by mistake. With stupidity. Youre a man of action, arent you? When it occurs to you to do something you do it, nevermind the consequences. Take a look. (gestures towards Tywin) Look at the consequences. Here they are. He loved you more than anyone in this world. Cersei kisses Tywin on the head then leaves. We see men working with rope, merchants carrying boxes, and trees through a hole in the crate. The crate is set down and opened up. Tyrion comes out with Varys standing over him.  Apologies.  I still dont see why I had to stay in this fucking crate once we set sail.  I saved your life. If they catch you, they catch me. I cannot say I feel overly guilty about leaving you in that fucking crate.  Do you know what its like to stuff your shit through one of those air holes?  No. I only know what its like to pick up your shit and throw it overboard. Tyrion looks around.  Pentos? Varys nods.  The home of my colleague. Ilyrio Mopatis. A merchant. He and I met many years ago, through mutual friends. A group of people who saw Robert Baratheon for the disaster he was. We tried to do what was best for the realm by supporting the Targaryen restoration. And thus began the chain of mistakes that has led us both here. Things have gotten worse, not better. Westeros needs to be saved from itself. Tyrion pours himself a cup of wine and drinks it.  Much better.  My lord?  I dont think I am anymore. A lord. Are you a lord if you kill your father? I dont suppose they revoke your nobility for killing a whore. That has to be happen all the time.  You already drank yourself across the Narrow Sea.  In a box. Why stop now?  Because we are talking about the future of our country. Tyrion finishes his wine.  The future is shit. Just like the past. He pukes up his wine and then pours himself another cup. The giant bronze Harpy statue is pulled down from the top of the pyramid. An Unsullied soldier, White Rat, walks up to a prostitute and hands her a coin. She takes him into her room and starts undressing him.  You want the same? Same as always? She undresses herself  You you dont have to.  Habit. She puts her clothes back on and lays down next to him in bed, stroking his head and humming. A knife slits his throat. White Rat looks up and sees a member of the Sons of the Harpy holding the knife A golden Sons of the Harpy mask rests on the table.  Sons of the Harpy?  Yes, your grace. They left it on the body.  Theyve never killed before.  It was only a matter of time, your grace. Conquerors are always met with resistance.  I didnt conquer them. Their own people did.  They do not see us as people, Your Grace.  Then they will have to learn to see things differently, Mossador. He did not risk his life fighting for freedom so cowards in masks could take it away. And I did not take up residence in this pyramid so I could watch the city below decline into chaos. What was the name of the man you lost?  White Rat, your grace.  I want him buried with honor. Publicly. In the Temple of the Graces.  The Sons of the Harpy will hear that message.  Make them very angry.  Angry snakes lash out. Makes chopping off their heads that much easier. Find the men who did this and bring them to me. The Unsullied are putting their armor on. Missandei walks up to Grey Worm.  Torgo Nudho.  Missandei hin Naath.  I wanted to speak with you. The other Unsullied leave the room.  Why do you come?  White Rat, the Unsullied who I have heard they found his body in a brothel. I have heard that more than one Unsullied has been known to visit Meereens brothels. May I ask you why? Why would an Unsullied go to a brothel?  I do not know. I must go. Jon Snow is parrying with Olly. Jon puts his sword to Ollys neck.  Get your shield up.  Its too heavy.  If it wasnt heavy it wouldnt stop a sword, now get it up. Jon knocks Olly into the ground then helps him up.  Come. Try it again. Drive at me. Keep your shield up. Or Ill ring your head like a bell. Sam and Gilly are watching them parry from afar.  Shouldnt you be training, too?  Well, Im hardly a new recruit. How many brothers can say theyve killed a white walker and a Thenn? I might be the first in history! Ser Alliser walks by.  These men need a firm hand. Always have. Theyre poachers and thieves. He gives Sam and Gilly a look.  Not soldiers. He walks away.  That one hates me.  If Ser Alliser is chosen as the new Lord Commander he hates the wildlings. Sam looks at Gillys baby.  All the wildlings.  Dont let them send us away.  Its not a sure thing. Ser Denys Mallister has commanded the Shadow Tower for 20 years, and people say hes a good man. Hes running against Ser Alliser--  Sam! Dont let them send us away.  I told you. Wherever you go, I go, too.  You cant leave, theyll execute you. Cut back to Jon and Olly parrying. Olly is on the offensive.  Good, good, pivot! Dont forget to pivot! Shield up! Jon turns and sees Melisandre waiting.  The king wants a word. Jon looks uncomfortably at Melisandre.  Youre not cold, my lady?  Never. The Lords fire lives within me, Jon Snow. She takes his hand to her face.  Feel. Jon feels her face.  Are you a virgin?  No.  Good.  Your grace. The bastard of Winterfell. Jon bows to Stannis. Stannis motions for him to get up.  You know who rules at Winterfell now?  Roose Bolton.  The traitor who plunged a dagger into Robb Starks heart. Dont you want to avenge him?  I want a great many things, your grace. But Im a sworn brother of the Nights Watch now.  Ive been talking to your sworn brothers. Many of them love you.  Theyre good men.  Many dont. You were seen taking the body of a wildling girl north of the Wall. Why?  Its where she belonged.  Some of the Nights Watch feel you have too much affection for the wildlings.  They were born on the wrong side of the wall. That doesnt make them monsters.  No matter. I shall take back the North from the thieves who stole it. Tywin Lannister is dead. He cant protect them now. I shall mount Roose Boltons head on a spike. But if Im to take Winterfell Ill need more men.  The men of the Nights Watch are sworn to play no part--  Im not talking about the damn Nights Watch. Im talking about the wildlings.  Your grace, you want the wildlings to march in your army?  If they swear to follow me, Ill pardon them. Well take Winterfell. Once the North is won, Ill declare them citizens of the realm. Ill give them land to live on.  Its a fair offer. More than fair.  Ill offer them their lives and their freedom if Mance kneels before me and swears his loyalty.  I dont think thats likely.  You admire him, dont you?  I respect him.  He likes you. Convince him to bend the knee...  Your grace  ...or he burns.  How much time do I have?  Nightfall. The sun drops fast this time of year. Hurry, Jon Snow. Sansa, Littlefinger, and Yohn Royce are watching Robin parry. He is being beaten badly.  Sword up! Attack, my lord! Attack! Dont cross your feet!  My sons have had swords in their hands from the time they could walk. This one  Lord Arryn will never be a great warrior.  Great warrior? He sings a sword like a girl with palsy.  My lord. (hands Baelish a note)  Sword up, my lord!  Some boys develop more slowly. Hes still young.  Hes 13. Boys go to war at 13.  He has other gifts.  Does he?  The gift of a great name. Sometimes thats all one needs. He offers his hand to Sansa and takes her away from the swordfight. Lord Royce follows.  Goodbye Lord Royce, and thank you for all youve done for me.  I have done nothing more than my duty, my lady.  I have no doubt that upon my return, Robins skills will have improved immeasurably.  Hell be safe here. As for his skills, I make no promises. Podrick sits down next to Brienne, who is sharpening her sword.  Will we head north at some point? He said Sansa had a brother at Castle Black. Were a few days ride from the Kingsroad, but that will take us--  Us? The only reason youre here is that Jaime Lannister told me you werent safe in the capital. Youre hundreds of miles from Kings Landing. No one knows what you look like. No one cares. Youre safe.  But Im youre squire.  Do you even know what a squire is?  An attendant to a knight?  Im not a knight. That means youre not a squire.  Well, where would I go?  I dont care, Im not your mother.  You swore to find the Stark girls.  I found Arya. She didnt want my protection.  Sansa still might.  Will you shut your mouth? I didnt ask for advice. I dont want anyone following me. Im not a leader. All I ever wanted is to fight for a Lord I believed in. The good lords are dead and the rest are monsters. A horse and carriage rides by.  You told Lord Royce we were going to the Fingers.  I did.  But were heading west.  We are.  If he wanted to betray us, he already would have.  Lord Royce may be as honorable as he thinks he is, but hes not alone in that castle. Do you trust all those knights and ladies, stable boys and serving girls?  No. Do you trust the carriage driver or the knights escorting us? Baelish smiles.  No. But I pay them well, and theyve seen what happens to men who disappoint me.  So where are we going? To a land where you trust everyone?  So a land so far from here, even Cersei Lannister cant get her hands on you. Close-up on Cersei drinking wine while Loras talks in the background.  It was such a deep, deep shock to us all. Your father was a force to be reckoned with. He truly was. I wouldnt presume to claim to have known him as such Cut to Tommen talking and smiling with Margaery.  But just being in his presence was enough to make it so clear just how formidable a person you were dealing with. What a what a force to be reckoned with.  Thank you so much for your kind words. Cersei walks away and heads down the stairs.  Deepest condolences, your grace. This tragedy I never trusted Varys. I often warned Cersei walks away from him. A barefooted man in a robe walks up to Cersei.  Your grace. Cersei inspects him for a moment.  Cousin Lancel. I hardly recognized you.  My deepest sympathies.  I apologize for my sons appearance.  Uncle, its quite alright. Lancel walks away.  They call themselves sparrows. Bloody fanatics. Religion has its place, of course, but at a certain point They never would have come to the capital when Tywin was alive.  Im sure hell grow out of it. Whatever it is. Excuse me.  Of course. Cersei walks away, grabs a glass of wine, and heads to a room alone. Lancel greets her after some time.  Your wounds from the Blackwater seem to have healed.  It wasnt my wounds that needed healing.  What can I do for you?  You can forgive me.  What could you possibly have done to warrant my forgiveness?  I led you into the darkness.  I doubt youve ever led anyone anywhere.  I tempted you into our unnatural relations. And, of course, there was the king. His boar hunt. His wine.  I dont know what youre talking about.  Im a different person now. I found peace in the light of the Seven. You can too. They watch over all of us, ready to dole out mercy or justice. Their world is at hand. I will pray for your fathers soul. Cersei laughs.  The day Tywin Lannisters soul needs your help Cersei takes a sip of wine and Lancel walks away. Close-up of Loras' birth mark.  It looks like Dorne.  No it doesnt.  It does. Thats the Sunspear bit right there. And thats where the mountains are. And over here is Sunsnake? Stonespear?  Sandstone.  Yes. Yes, Sandstone. Just there.  Fine. They start kissing.  Its Dorne.  We should go there. I think we would have a lovely time.  Judging by my experience, that would be wonderful. Dorne, Highgarden. Anywhere but here. They kiss. Margaery walks in.  Were late for dinner as it is.  Youre very respectful.  Im very hungry. She closes the door.  Whats your name?  Olyvar, my lady.  Im afraid my brother is keeping the king waiting, Olyvar. Olyvar kisses Loras then leaves the room.  Perhaps you might consider being a bit more discreet?  Why? They all know about me anyway. Everybody knows everything about everyone. Whats the point in trying to keep a secret in a place like this?  In any event (throws Loras his clothes) you shouldnt keep your intended waiting.  My intended? Please. Tywins dead. That means no one can force Cersei to marry me.  Lucky you.  Unlucky you.  You think I want that woman married to my brother?  If she doesnt marry me, she doesnt go to Highgarden. Which means she stays in Kings Landing. Which means youre trapped here with Cersei Lannister as your mother-by-law.  Perhaps.  Perhaps?  Perhaps? Tyrion is standing on a balcony with a glass of wine. Varys approaches him.  Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers.  Imp, half-man. Tyrion raises his glass.  There are faster ways to kill yourself.  Not for a coward.  You are many things, my friend, but not a coward.  You never told me why you set me free.  Your brother asked me to.  You could have said no.  Refuse the Kingslayer? A dangerous proposition.  Not as dangerous as releasing me. You risked your life, your position, everything. Why? Youre not family, you owe me nothing.  I didnt do it for you. I did it for the Seven Kingdoms.  A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms.  I dont believe in saviors. I believe men of talent have a role to play in the war to come.  Youre going to have to find another soldier. Im done with Westeros and Westeros is done with me.  You have many admirable qualities, self-pity is not one of them. Any fool with a bit of luck can find himself born into power. But earning it for yourself, that takes work.  Im not well-suited for work.  I think you are. You have your fathers instinct for politics, and you have compassion.  Compassion? Yes. I killed my lover with my bare hands. I shot my own father with a crossbow.  I never said you were perfect.  What is it you want exactly?  Peace. Prosperity. A land where the powerful do not prey on the powerless.  Where the castles are made of gingerbread and the moats are filled with blackberry wine. The powerful have always preyed on the powerless, thats how they became powerful in the first place.  Perhaps. And perhaps weve grown so used to horror we assume theres no other way. If you sat on the Iron Throne, would you spread misery throughout the land?  I will never sit on the Iron Throne.  No, you wont. But you could help another climb those steps and take that seat. The Seven Kingdoms need someone stronger than Tommen, but gentler than Stannis. A monarch who can intimidate the high lord and inspire the people. A ruler loved by millions with a powerful army and the right family name.  Good luck finding him.  Who said anything about him? You have a choice my friend. You can stay here at Ilyrios palace and drink yourself to death, or you can ride with me to Mereen, meet Daenerys Targaryen, and decide if the world is worth fighting for.  Can I drink myself to death on the road to Meereen? The Unsullied march through the streets.  When did the Unsullied start patrolling the streets of Meereen? Looks like your friends havent been behaving themselves.  The mission to Yunkai was a resounding success. The Wise Masters of Yunkai have agreed to cede power to a council of elders, made up of both the freedmen and the former slaveholders. All matters of consequence will be brought to you for review.  Good.  They did ask for some concessions.  Concessions?  Politics is the art of compromise, your grace.  Im not a politician. Im a queen.  Forgive me. Youre right, of course. Still, its easier to rule happy subjects than angry ones.  I dont expect the Wise Masters to be happy. Slavery made them rich, I ended slavery.  They do not ask for the return of slavery. They ask for the re-opening of the fighting pits.  The fighting pits? Where slaves fought slaves to the death?  In the new world that youve brought to us, free men would fight free men. Daario takes out his sword and smiles at Daenerys.  The pitfighters that you liberated plead for this opportunity. Bring some here and ask them yourself.  No fighting pits.  Opening them would show the people of Yunkai and Meereen that you respect their traditions.  I do not respect the tradition of human cockfighting.  If you--  How many times must I say no before you understand?  Whatever he wants from me hes not going to get it. If he really believes Im going to reopen the fighting pits  You should reopen the fighting pits.  What?  My mother was a whore, I told you that. She liked to drink pear brandy. The older she got, the less she made selling her body, the more she wanted to drink. So one day when I was 12, she sold me to a slaver she fucked the night before.  Why?  I was a bad child. I wasnt big, but I was quick. And I loved to fight. So they sold me to a man in Tolos who trained fighters for the pits. I had my first match when I was 16.  You were sold into slavery, forced to fight to the death for the amusement of the masters, and youre defending the fighting pits?  Im only here because of those pits. I learned to fight like a Dothraki screamer, a Norvoshi priest, a Westerosi knight. Soon I was famous. 10,000 men and women screamed my name when I stepped into the pit. I made so much money for my master he set me free when I died. I joined the Second Sons, and then I met you. A long pause.  Youre the queen. Everyones too afraid of you to speak truth. Everyone but me. Youve made thousands of enemies all across the world. As soon as they see weakness, theyll attack. Show your strength here, now.  Thats why I have the Unsullied patrolling the streets.  Anyone with a chest full of gold can buy an army of Unsullied. Youre not the Mother of Unsullied. Youre the Mother of Dragons.  I dont want another childs bones dropped at my feet. No ones seen Drogon in weeks. For all I know hes flown halfway across the world. I cant control them anymore.  A dragon queen with no dragons is not a queen. Daenerys walks into the room the dragons are being held. She hears chains rattling.  Viserion? Rhaegal? The two fully grown dragons start snapping, screaming, and breathing fire at her.  Easy. Easy. Easy. They keep breathing fire and roaring so she leaves the room, terrified. Members of the Nights Watch are constructing a funeral pyre. Jon Snow enters the room.  So here we are.  Here we are.  When we first met you were my prisoner. And now, for our last meeting  This doesnt have to be our last meeting.  No, but it will be.  You know what Stannis wants?  He wants me to bend the knee. And he wants the free folk to fight for him. Ill give him this much: hes bold.  Shouldnt a king be bold?  Oh, aye. I respect him. If he gets what he wants, I expect hell be a better ruler than the fools sitting on the Iron Throne the last hundred years. But Ill never serve him.  You told me you werent here to conquer. You told me your people have bled enough.  Thats right. But I dont want them bleeding for Stannis Baratheon either.  You spent your life convincing 90 clans to come together for the first time in history. Thenns and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the giants. A lifes work uniting them. You didnt do it for power. You didnt do it for glory. You brought them together to save them because none of them will survive the winter, not if theyre north of the wall. Isnt their survival more important than your pride?  Pride? Fuck my pride. This isnt about that.  Then bend the knee and save your people.  They followed me because they respected me. Because they believed in me. The moment I kneel for a Southern king thats all gone.  And how many tens of thousands are out there right now? How many women? How many children? And you wont go out and rescue them because why? Youre afraid of looking afraid.  Oh, I am afraid. No shame in that. How will they do it? Beheading? Hanging?  Theyll burn you alive.  Bad way to go. Ill be honest with you, I dont want to die. And burnt to death, I dont want people to remember me like that. Scorched and screaming. But its better than betraying everything I believe.  And what happens to your people? You preserve your dignity and die standing, and theyll sing songs about you. Youd rather burn than kneel. The great hero. Until winter comes, and the white walkers come for us all, and theres no one left to sing.  Youre a good lad. Truly, you are. But if you cant understand why I wont enlist my people in a foreigners war, theres no point explaining. Jon walks to the door, then turns around.  I think youre making a terrible mistake.  The freedom to make my own mistakes was all I ever wanted. Jon nods then leaves the room. Members of the Nights Watch escort Mance to Stannis.  Mance Rayder, youve been called the King Beyond the Wall. Westeros only has one king. Bend the knee, I promise you mercy. Mance looks at the Free Folk, including Tormund, the Nights Watch have chained up. Then he looks at Jon Snow.  Kneel and live.  This was my home for many years. I wish you good fortune in the wars to come. Stannis nods. His men take Mance onto the burning funeral pyre and tie him to it. Melisandre walks to the front of the pyre.  Man or woman, young or old, lord or peasant, our choices are the same. We choose light, or we choose darkness. We choose good, or we choose evil. We choose the true god or the false. She picks up a torch.  Free folk, there is only one true king, and his name is Stannis. Here stands the king of lies. Behold the fate of those who choose the darkness. She lights the pyre. Mance starts panicking as the fire reaches his legs. Jon Snow walks up to a high point and shoots Mance in the heart with an arrow, killing him. Arya approaches the coast in the boat she boarded in the Season 4 finale. The Titan of Braavos looms over the ship.  In the old times, whenever Braavos stood in danger, the titan would step with fire in his eyes. He'd wade into the sea and smash the enemies.  He's just a statue. A horn blows as they approach the statue. Arya clutches her chest and the man laughs.  Don't be afraid. Hes announcing our arrival.  I'm not afraid. Boat goes under statue Arya and the man are in a row boat. The man rows them to shore as they pass various street merchants. The man rows past them and The House of Black and White comes into view.  The House of Black and White: this is where you'll find the man you seek. They arrive at The House of Black and White  Here, I leave you. He helps Arya get off the boat and onto the dock.  Thank you for bringing me.  Any man of Braavos would have done the same. Valar morghulis.  Valar dohaeris. Arya knocks on the door, twice; the door opens while knocking the second time. An old man enters  Hello. Valar Morghulis. The old man continues to stare; Arya takes out the coin.  Jaqen Hghar gave me this.  No one here by that name. The old man is about to close the door before Arya interrupts.  Please. I crossed the Narrow Sea. I have nowhere else to go.  You have everywhere else to go.  But wait! The Old Man shuts the door abruptly; Arya turns around and sits on the top step  Cersei, Walder Frey, The Mountain, Meryn Trant. Cersei, Walder Frey, The Mountain, Meryn Trant. Arya repeats the four names until the break of dawn as rain pours outside.  ...The Mountain, Meryn Trant. Arya gets up and throws the coin into the sea Brienne rides into the stable outside the inn on horseback, with Podrick walking next to her.  Must be good food if its crowded. Podrick and Brienne are seated at a table. A waitress approaches.  Ale? (pours ale and leaves table; goes to another table) Ale?  Before we left, a maester gave you a raven scroll.  You are becoming an observant young lady.  My mother used to say, "dark wings, dark words".  An old saying. Inaccurate in this case.  So it was good news.?  My marriage proposal has been accepted.  I thought you still mourn the death of my beloved Aunt Lysa.  Ale?  I'll have some. Back to Podrick and Brienne  My lady!  What is it?  Sansa Stark. (Brienne begins to turn around) Don't look!  You sure?  She's dyed her hair, but it's her. She's sitting with Petyr Baelish.  Littlefinger?  A bunch of knights with him. BRIENNE Bunch? What's a bunch? 100? 6? 20?  10, I think. Too many. My lady, I don't think this is the right--  Ready the horses.  We only have one horse.  Find more. Podrick gets up and leaves  Do you like the taste?  I don't see what all the fuss is about. Why do men love it so much?  It gives some men courage.  Does it give you courage? Brienne shows up and Baelish's knights get in her way  That's far enough.  Lord Baelish, Lady Sansa, my name is Brienne of Tarth.  We've met. With Renly Baratheon. What did he say about you? He said, "You're a loyalty comes free of charge." Someone appears to have paid quite a bit for it since then. Baelish gestures to the knights to welcome her; Brienne goes through and takes a knee in front of Sansa  Lady Sansa, before your mother's death, I was her sworn sword. I gave my word I would find you and protect you. I will shield your back and keep your council, and give my life for yours if need be. I swear it by the old gods and the new.  Please, Lady Brienne. No need for such formality. (Brienne gets up) You are Catelyn Stark's sworn sword?  I was.  Strange. I knew Cat from the time we were children. She never mentioned you.  It was after Renly's murder.  Ah, yes. You were accused of killing him.  I tried to save him.  But you were accused.  By men who didn't see what happened.  Then what did happen?  He was murdered by a shadow. A shadow with a face of Stannis Baratheon.  A shadow? With a face? (scoffs) This woman swore to protect Renly; she failed. She swore to protect your mother; she failed. Why would I want somebody with your history of failure guiding Lady Sansa?  Why should you have any say in her affairs?  Because I am her uncle. I married her Aunt Lysa shortly before my beloveds untimely death. We're family now, and you're an outsider. Forgive me, Lady Brienne, but experiences made me wary of outsiders.  Lady Sansa, if we can have a word alone--  No.  Please, my lady. If I could explain--  I saw you at Joffrey's wedding bowing to the king.  Neither of us wanted to be there. Sometimes we don't have a choice.  And sometimes we do. You should leave.  We don't want our new friend wandering the countryside alone. The roads of these parts aren't safe. Why don't you stay? Brienne walks away  He asked you to stay. Brienne elbows him in the face after Knight 1 and Knight 2 attempt to get in her way. Brienne rushes out of the inn to the stables. She frees some horses then rides away with Podrick.  After her! The knights chase after Brienne and Podrick. Podrick and Brienne separate.  Podrick! (Podrick screams as he loses control of the horse) Podrick gets away from the knights and stops at a river  Stop, stop, stop! (Horse stops) Thats a good boy. Podrick turnsthe horse around and he loses control again, only this time he falls off the horse. He tries to run after it, but stops. Enter knight, who sees Podrick. Podrick sees him and throws a rock at him and misses.  I guess that means youre unarmed. Knight pulls out his sword and races towards Podrick.  Down, Podrick, down! Podrick gets down. Brienne slices the knight off his horse before he can get to Podrick. Another knight on a horse rushes towards her, and she stabs him in the neck.  Podrick?  Yes, my lady?  You can stand now.  Yes, my lady. (stands) Sansa Stark?  Wary of strangers, as she should me. I saw her riding on the East Trail with Littlefinger. Well follow them.  My lady, if those Stark girls refused your service, maybe youre released from your vow.  I swore to their mother Id protect those girls.  If they dont want your protection--  Do you think shes safe from Littlefinger?  (pause) No, my lady.  Get your horse.  A summons from the queen. Cersei looks farefully at a box on her desk. Jaime opens it, and a viper with a necklace in its mouth comes out. Jaime inspects the necklace; it has the Lannister lion on it.  There are only two like it in the world: the one Im wearing and the one I gave to Myrcella.  Its a threat.  Of course its a threat! Our daughters in Dorne surrounded by people who hate our family. (mocking) "It's a threat."  No note.  They blame us for the death of Oberyn and his sister, and every other tragedy thats befallen their cursed country. I will burn their cities to the ground if they touch her!  Softer.  What?  Not so loud.  Our daughters in danger, and youre worried Im speaking too loudly!  The world can't know knows shes our daughter.  Then dont call her your daughter. Youve never been a father to her.  If I was the father to any of my children, theyd be stoned in the streets.  And what has your caution brought? Our eldest child murdered at his own wedding. Our only daughter shipped off to Dorne. Our baby boy sent to marry that smirking whore from Highgarden.  Ill make things better.  You never made anything better.  Im going to Dorne. Ill bring our daughter home.  You cant just ask Prince Doran to give her back! Shes promised his son.  Im not going to ask him anything.  You go there with an army, its an act of war.  No army. Do you know where theyre keeping her?  Oberyn mentioned the Water Gardens.  Ill find her. Is there anything else, your grace?  (scoffs) Youre going to Dorne? A one-handed man? Alone?  I never said I was going alone. (exit Jaime) Bronn is skipping stones.  No sunflowers. I don't like yellow. Roses are very nice, definitely roses. And music. I adore music. But no flutes, I hate flutes! We can have a harp if you like, but no flutes. Then there's the food. Food is the most important thing, don't you agree? We're going to need pigeon pies. That's what they eat in the capital, don't they? Bronn has been skipping stones and ignoring her.  Don't they?  Don't who?  People eat pigeon pie in the capital. Bronn puts his arm around her.  They certainly do, my dear. They certainly do. Pan up to Castle Stokeworth.  It's a fine place, isn't it? A fine place. I never thought I'd end up settling down in a place like this.  You won't.  Pardon?  We won't get to live at Stokeworth. When Mother dies, my sister gets the castle because she's older.  Oh.  She hates me. She calls me mean names, and sometimes even still she pulls my hair when Mother isn't looking.  You know what I think? I think you're a good person. And your sister is a mean person.  She is.  I've been all over the world. And if there's one thing I've learned, it's that meanness comes around. People like your sister, they always get what's coming to them eventually. One way or another. They stop walking. Bronn looks at someone in the distance.  Who's that? Jaime is sitting on a stone wall, waiting for Bronn.  Jaime fucking Lannister. Bronn leaves Lollys and starts walking towards Jaime.  Ser Jaime.  Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.  I was very sorry to hear about your father.  Thank you.  This is my betrothed, Lollys.  A pleasure. (he kisses her hand)  Run along, love. Lollys starts walking back to the Castle.  Beautiful bride you've chosen. When were you planning on getting married?  Just get on with it.  On with what?  What you're here for. There's no way this little visit could possibly mean anything good for me.  It's very good for you. Jaime goes into his coat and pulls out a scroll. He hands it to Bronn.  Lollys will be marrying Ser Wyllis Bracken.  Mmm.  We made a deal, your sister and I.  I would have advised against that.  How is this good for me?  'Cause you're going to come with me and help me with something important. And when we return, I'm going to give you a much better girl, and a much better castle.  Return from where?  As far south as south goes. Ellaria coils her first in rage. A bracelet with a viper's mouth coils around her hand. The camera pans up to reveal she is still in mourning clothes.  My future queen. Ellaria glowers from the balcony at Trystane Martell escorting Myrcella through the Water Gardens. Trystane looks up and sees her. Ellaria walks towards Doran's place on the balcony and is blocked by Areo Hotah.  The prince does not wish to be disturbed.  Remove myself from my path, or I'll take that long axe and shove it--  Captain. Let her pass. Areo reluctantly steps to the side. Ellaria approaches Prince Doran, staring at the Water Gardens from his wheelchair.  Your brother was murdered, and you sit here at the Water Gardens, staring at the sky and doing nothing.  Oberyn was slain during a trial by combat. By law, that is not murder.  Your brother--  You don't have to remind me. He was my brother long before he was anything to you.  What will you do about his death.  I will bury him. I will mourn for him.  You would have me go to war?  You would have me go to war?  The whole country would have you go to war.  Then we are lucky the whole country does not decide.  The Sand Snakes are with me. They have the love of their people. They will avenge your father while you sit here in your chair doing nothing. Doran says nothing. Cut back to Trystane and Myrcella in the Water Gardens.  Oberyn is dead. And this Lannister girl skips about the Water Gardens eating our food, breathing our air. How many of your brothers and sisters do they have to kill? Let me have her. Let me send her to Cersei one finger at a time.  I loved my brother. And you made him very happy. For that you will always have a place in my heart. But we do not mutilate little girls for vengeance. Not here. Not while I rule.  And how long will that be? Ellaria exits the room. Areo goes back to guarding the door. Doran shakes his head. The Unsullied march through the street.  The Unsullied are too conspicuous. Daario and Grey Worm are walking through an alley together.  Anyone can see you coming from a mile off. Of course you haven't found any Sons of the Harpy. You haven't, have you? Grey Worm grunts a "no".  My Second Sons, on the other hand, they drink, they whore, fight in the streets--they blend in. They overhear things in taverns, follow people from the taverns to nice, quiet alleys, break a few fingers, overhear a few more things. Before you know it... Daario has brought them to a door. Grey Worm knocks it in and rushes the room. He, Daario, and an Unsullied inspect the room quietly.  No one here. We go.  In a hurry? You're afraid?  Unsullied fear nothing.  Right. That's your problem. You understood fear once, long ago, but you've forgotten what it means. Someone who's forgotten fear has forgotten how to hide. Daario quickly pulls a dagger out, and stabs into a wall covered by a bookcase that immediately gives way. A man screams and falls out of the wall.  Fear is useful that way. He pats Grey Worm on the shoulder. The Unsullied soldier grabs the man. Grey Worm searches the hiding place and finds daggers laying on the ground with a Sons of the Harpy mask.  Sons of the Harpy, they want to put a collar back on my neck. On all of our necks. Please, Your Grace, you must kill him.  It would send a message.  I think you should exercise restraint, Your Grace.  Why?  For one thing, he may have valuable information.  The Son of the Harpy has no more valuable information.  How do you know that?  Because I questioned him.  And the information you did get, he is young and poor.  He is born free.  Why should he want to bring back slavery? What did it do for him?  Perhaps the only thing that gave him pride was knowing that there was someone lower than he was.  They pay him. Great families afraid to do a thing. They pay poor man to do it for them.  And how do you know this?  Everyone knows this.  I don't know it, and I'm the head of a great family.  We do not know what this man did or didn't do. (to Daenerys) Give him a trial, at least. A fair trial. Show all of the citizens of Meereen that you are better than those who would depose. Teach them a better way.  I do not know the place from where Old Ser comes. Things maybe are different there, I hope. But here, in Meereen, before Daenerys Stormborn, they own us. So we learn much about them or we do not live long. They teach me what they are. Mercy, fair trial: these mean nothing to them. All they understand is blood! They all look to Daenerys.  Thank you all for your counsel. Everyone gets up from the table and exits the room besides Ser Barristan.  Your Grace, a word, please, I beg you.  About what?  About your father. About the Mad King.  The Mad King? You're here to remind me of my enemies' lies? Consider me reminded.  Your Grace, I served in his Kingsguard. I was at his side from the first. Your enemies did not lie.  Go on.  When the people rose in revolt against him, your father set their towns and castles aflame. He murdered sons in front of their fathers. He burned men alive with Wildfire, and laughed as they screamed. And his efforts to stamp out dissent led to rebellion that killed every Targaryen except two.  I'm not my father.  No, Your Grace. Thank the gods. But the Mad King gave his enemies the justice he thought they deserved. And each time it made him feel powerful and right. Until the very end.  I will not have the Son of the Harpy executed without a fair trial.  Your Grace.  There's a bug.  Yes, best be careful. You might accidentally consume some solid food.  When I agreed to come with you, did I misrepresent my intentions? (finishes his cup of wine) Besides, what is there for me to do inside this fucking box?  You don't like it?  I want to take a walk.  You can't. Cersei has offered a lordship to the man who brings her your head.  She ought to offer her cunt. Best part of her for the best part of me. Well, I suppose a box is as good a place for me as anywhere.  Are we really going to spend the entire road to Volantis talking about the futility of everything?  You're right. No point. (realizing) The road to Volantis? You said we were going to Meereen. What's in Volantis?  The road to Meereen.  And what do you hope to find at the end of the road to Meereen?  I told you. A ruler.  We've already got a ruler. Everywhere has already got a ruler. Every pile of shit on the side of every road has someone's banner hanging from it.  You were quite good, you know. At ruling. During your brief tenure as Hand.  I didn't rule. I was a servant.  Still, a man of talent.  Managed to kill a lot of people.  Yes, but showed great promise in other areas as well.  She wanted me to leave King's Landing. She begged me. I wouldn't go.  Why?  'Cause I liked it. Power. Even as a servant. (takes a drink of wine)  People follow leaders. And they will never follow us. They find us repulsive.  I find us repulsive.  And we find them repulsive, which is why we surround ourselves with large, comfortable boxes to keep them away. And yet, no matter what we do, people like you and me are never really satisfied inside the box. Not for long.  You're right. Let's go for a walk.  No.  How many dwarves are there in the world? Is Cersei going to kill them all? A dwarf head is placed on her desk.  Not him.  Are you trying to deceive your Queen? Shall I throw them in a cell, Your Grace?  That won't be necessary, Ser Meryn. I don't want to dissuade the other hunters. Mistakes will be made.  Thank you, Your Grace. Thank you.  Take the head.  Pardon me, Your Grace. I would take it, if you don't mind. It could prove useful for my work.  Very good. She and Qyburn exit the room.  Over there will be fine.  You heard the man. Over there. The hunters pick up the dwarf head. Cersei and Qyburn enter the room, taking the open seats on the small council. Cersei sits at the head of the table.  You're the Hand of the King?  No, Uncle. Clearly it would not be appropriate for a woman to assume that role. I'm merely advising my son until he comes of age and chooses a Hand for himself.  Your Grace, I would be willing to serve provisionally as the King's Hand until he becomes old enough--  You're a good man, Lord Tyrell, but I don't imagine you'll have the time. In addition to being Master of Ships, the king has appointed you Master of Coin.  Oh, Your Grace.  He called your experience and wisdom in financial matters unparalleled. He said he would be honored to have you represent the crown's interests in the same.  The honor is all mine, Your Grace.  Your Grace, in the past on several occasions, a Grand Maester has served as the King's Hand.  The King has named Qyburn the new Master of Whisperers.  Your Grace, him? This man? This embarrassment to the Citadel? Your Grace, what qualifications can he possibly have for this post?  The qualification of loyalty, Grand Maester. That's far more than the eunuch ever had. Far more than many ever have.  I must say I cannot see--  Uncle Kevan, in light of your position as commander of the Lannister armies, it would please the king if you would serve as his Master of War. No man living better deserves the title.  That is kind of you to say. I would like to hear it from the king himself.  The king is very busy at this moment.  He should be here, learning what it means to rule.  He is learning. On this occasion, in his capacity as ruler, he's asked me to speak on his behalf.  I returned to the capital to pay my respects to my brother. And to you. And to serve the king. I did not return to the capital to serve as your puppet. To watch you stack the small council with sycophants. (looks to Qyburn) Sending your own brother away so he wouldn't be--  My brother has left the capital to lead a sensitive diplomatic mission.  What mission?  That is not your concern as Master of War.  I do not recognize your authority to dictate what is and is not my concern. You are the Queen Mother. Nothing more. Kevan gets up from his seat.  You would abandon your king in his time of need?  If he wants to send for me, I will be waiting for him. At Casterly Rock. He exits the room and closes the door. Shireen runs her finger over the letter "S" in her book.  Come on. You know this one. It looks like an animal.  Snake. Snake... S! It's an S!  Right, very good! Sam is reading in a different aisle in the library.  Hmm! Did you know that the youngest Lord Commander in history, Osric Stark, was elected at the age of 10? Gilly and Shireen look to him and then back at their book.  I know "S".  You'll learn, I promise. I taught Ser Davos, and old people are terrible at learning new things.  Well, you're a wonderful teacher. (to Sam) Very patient!  I only said that the more time you spend practicing, the faster you'll be able to read.  That's alright. We're doing just fine. I'm sure you and Ostrich Stark have a lot to talk about. Sam goes back to his book.  How old were you when you learned to read?  Three.  Three?! Who taught you, your mother?  No. Old Maester Cressen did. I had a lot of time to practice. My mother kept me inside because... (trails off)  What do you call it in the South, what happened to your face?  Greyscale. What do you call it north of the Wall?  I don't know. But two of my sisters had it. They both died. How did they cure you?  I don't remember. I was a baby. Lots of people came and tried, I think. Whatever they did, it went away. What happened to your sisters?  My father made them move out of the keep into the huts outside. None of us were allowed to go near them. But we heard them. Especially at night. They started to sound... not like themselves.  Did you ever see them?  Only once at the end. They were covered with it. Their faces, their arms. They acted like animals. My father had to drag them out to the woods on a rope.  What did he do to them in the woods? Gilly is afraid to answer. Selyse enters the room before she can.  Mother.  Leave us.  Your Grace. Sam and Gilly exit the room.  You need to stay away from that girl.  Why?  She's a wildling.  Her name's Gilly. She's nice. I'm teaching her to read.  She's a wildling. Your father defeated their people. He executed her king for treason. They could strike at him by striking at you.  Gilly wouldn't do that.  You have no idea what people will do. All your books and you still don't know. Selyse exits the library.  I ordered Mance Rayder burnt at the stake. You prevented that order from being carried out. You showed mercy to Mance Rayder. A king's word is law. Perhaps you should ask Ser Davos how much mercy I show to lawbreakers. Show too much kindness, people won't fear you. If people don't fear you, they don't follow you.  With respect, Your Grace, the free folk will never follow you, no matter what you do. You're the man who burned their king alive.  Who then? You?  No. Only one of their own.  Do you know this wretched girl Lyanna Mormont?  The Lord Commander's niece.  Lady of Bear Island, and a child of 10. I asked her to commit her house to my cause, that's her response.  "Bear Island knows no king but the King in the North, whose name is Stark." (Jon smiles)  That amuses you?  I apologize, Your Grace. Northerners can be a bit like the free folk. Loyal to their own.  I know. My brother Robert went on often and loudly about how difficult it was to control them - even with your father's help.  Tonight, the Night's Watch elect a new Lord Commander. Ser Alliser Thorne is going to win.  Most likely.  Unpleasant man. He thinks you're a traitor. What's your life going to be like on the Wall with Thorne in command?  Unpleasant, I expect.  Your bravery made him look weak. He'll punish you for it. I don't punish men for bravery. I reward them.  I don't doubt it, Your Grace. But I'm a brother of the Night's Watch. I've pledged them my life, my honor, my sword. I don't know what I have left to give you.  You can give me the North.  I can't. Even if I wanted to, I'm a bastard. A Snow.  Kneel before me. Lay your sword at my feet. Pledge me your service and you'll rise again as Jon Stark, Lord of Winterfell. Jon stares at Stannis deeply without saying a word.  He'll make you a Stark with the stroke of a pen?  It's the first thing I ever remember wanting. I'd daydream that my father would ask the king, and just like that I would never be the bastard of Winterfell again.  You deserve this. You do. I couldn't be happier for you.  I'm going to refuse him.  But you'd be Lord of Winterfell.  I swore a vow to the Night's Watch. If I don't take my own word seriously, what sort of Lord of Winterfell would I be? Jon walks away from Sam and takes a seat.  Crowded. You'd think we were serving venison stew. Maester Aemon rises slowly from the table at the front.  Does anyone wish to speak for candidates before we cast our tokens for the 998th Lord Commander of the Night's Watch? Janos Slynt stands up.  Ser Alliser Thorne is not just a knight, he's a man of true nobility. He was acting commander when the Wall came under attack, and led us to victory against the wildlings.  Hear, hear.  He's a veteran of 100 battles and has been a defender of the Watch and the Wall almost all of his life. He's the only true choice. Alliser smiles. Men cheer and beat on the tables.  Is there anyone else?  Ser Denys Mallister joined the Watch as a boy and has served loyally longer than any other ranger. Through 10 winters he served. As commander of the Shadow Tower, he kept the wildlings away. We could do no better. Men, including Jon, bang their cups on the table, but the reaction is much weaker.  If there's no one else, we will begin the voting. The triangular tokens count for Ser Alliser Thorne. The square tokens for Ser Denys Mallister. Each brother will--  Maester Aemon. Every Brother, including Jon, look to Sam at the back of the room in shock.  Samwell Tarly. Go on. Jon shakes his head "no" at Sam.  Sam the Slayer. The whole room laughs.  Another wildling lover just like his friend Jon Snow. How's your lady love Slayer? More laughs.  Her name is Gilly. Brother Slynt knows her quite well. They cowered together in the larder during the battle for the Wall. The men start laughing at Janos now.  Lies!  A wildling girl, a baby, and Lord Janos. I found him there when the battle was over in a puddle of his own making. Stronger laughter. Maester Aemon cracks a smile.  Whilst Lord Janos was hiding with the women and children, Jon Snow was leading. The men go quiet.  Ser Alliser fought bravely, it is true. And when he was wounded, it is Jon who saved us. He took charge of the wall's defense. He killed the Magnar of the Thenns. (a man next to Sam nods) He went North to deal with Mance Rayder, knowing it almost certainly meant his own death. Before that, he led the mission to avenge Lord Commander Mormont. Mormont himself chose Jon to be his steward. He saw something in Jon, and now we've all seen it, too. He may be young, but he's the commander we turned to when the night was darkest. The men give Jon a strong cheer.  I can't argue with any of that. (stands up) But who does Jon Snow want to command? Night's Watch or the wildlings? Everyone knows he loved a wildling girl and spoke with Mance Rayder many times. What would have happened in that tent between those two old friends if Stannis's army hadn't come along? We all saw him put the King-beyond-the-Wall out of his misery. Do you want to choose a man who has fought the wildlings all his life, or a man who makes love to them? Jon doesn't respond. Maester Aemon rises again.  It is time. Brothers of the Night's Watch walk to the front of the room, placing their tokens into a jar. A brother breaks the jar and counts the tokens. Alliser and Jon have the same amount of tokens.  It appears to be a tie, Maester. Maester Aemon rises once more, feels each stack of tokens to determine which is which, and casts his own vote for Jon. The men near Alliser look angry. The men grouped around Mallister are content. Everyone else cheers.  Jon Snow! Jon Snow! Jon Snow! Jon Snow! Jon rises, sees Alliser glaring at him, and lets out a small smile for the first time since he entered the room. Arya creeps up on a pigeon in an alleyway and cuts its head off with Needle. She walks down the street with the pigeon in a pouch and Needle dangling from her hip. Three men walk by, see Needle, and approach her.  You. You! Arya stops and turns around to face them.  What have you got there? Arya doesn't respond.  I said--  Turn around and go. (pulls out Needle) Turn around and go.  That's a nice little sword. Worth 100 pieces, a sword like that. (pulls out his own sword)  Nothing's worth anything to dead men. The man approaches her with his sword, but then sees the Old Man from the House of Black and White walking towards the altercation and backs off.  Quickly, go, go! They flee. The man looks at Arya then begins walking away. The Old Man leads Arya back to the doorstep.  Who are you? Why were they scared of you?  You lost this. He tosses Arya her coin, then reaches to his face, pulls it off, and reveals the face of Jaqen H'ghar  You said there was no Jaqen H'ghar here.  There isn't. A man is not Jaqen H'ghar. He begins to head back inside the House of Black and White.  Well who are you then? He turns back around.  No one. And that is who a girl must become. Jaqen opens the door and waits for Arya. After a moment, she follows him into the House of Black and White. The door closes behind them. Mossador is let into the Son of the Harpy's cell. The guards hold him up for Mossador.  She doesn't belong here. And no matter how many of your traitors call her "Mhysa", she will never be your mother. Mossador stares at him. The Harpy is displayed in the street with his mask on, but the eye holes are cut out. A knife is in his stomach and skull, and "Kill the Masters" is written in blood on the wall next to the body.  Why?  For you, Mhysa. (kneels) You wanted the Harpy dead, but your hands were tied. I set you free, as you did all of us.  He was our prisoner, awaiting trial. You had no right.  He would rather rip your city apart than see slaves lifted from the dirt.  There are no more slaves. There are no more Masters.  Then who lives in the Pyramids? Who wears gold masks and murders your children? (beat) When Grey Worm came to us, I was the first to take up the knife for you. I remember the look on my father's face as I struck down his Master, who had traded his infant son for a dog. My father died in the fighting. If we allow the Sons of the Harpy to return us to chains, he never lived.  The Harpy's life was not yours to take. Once, the Masters were the law--  --and now you are the law!  The law is the law. Take him. Two Unsullieds carry Mossador out of the room. The Unsullied escort Daenerys and her small council. A large crowd surrounds them.  Mhysa! Myhsa! They settle in front of the courthouse, surrounded by both former Masters and former slaves. The Unsullied form a ring around her.  She should have cut off the traitor's head in the Great Pyramid and been done with it.  Which is what I keep telling her to do to you. The former slaves continues to yell to their Mhysa while the masters leer at her.  You opened your gates to me because I promised you freedom and justice. One cannot exist without the other. Mossador is carried into the scene by Unsullied and set before Daenerys on his knees.  Brother! Brother!  Mhysa, please! Forgive me!  A citizen of Meereen was awaiting trial and this man murdered him. The punishment is death.  Mercy! Mercy! Mossador looks to Daenerys, pleading. She looks to Daario and nods. He takes out his arakh, walks to Mossador, and puts it to his neck. The crowd starts protesting and the Masters look on uncertainly.  Mhysa... (prays in Valyrian) The crowd begs and pleads for mercy. Daenerys stares out to the crowd, then gives a nod to Daario, who swiftly decapitates Mossador.  Mhysa... The crowd goes silent. Suddenly, they start hissing at Daenerys. The Unsullied brace themselves. A former slave throws a rock at a former Master, and the Unsullied attempt to hold back the fight. Barristan and Grey Worm escort Missandei and Daenerys away from the crowd. The Unsullied cover her with their shields. Former slaves and masters begin killing each other in the streets. Rocks are thrown at the Unsullied shields in attempts to hit Daenerys.  I'll stand guard outside your door tonight, Your Grace.  We all guard tonight.  Leave me. Barristan, Daario, Missandei, and Grey Worm leave the room. Daenerys hears a noise coming from outside, and goes out on her balcony to investigate. When she's out she hears a soft growl, and turns to see Drogon, perched on the top of the pyramid and close to fully grown.  Drogon... He slowly climbs down to her balcony. Daenerys extends her hand. Drogon sniffs it hesitantly, and then takes off into the night, soaring over Meereen. Water drips down a statue of a woman with her eyes closed. Two more statues are shown, a lion sitting in a throne, and a rams head. Behind a large heart surrounded by gold flames, a glowing fire can be seen. A statue of a knight is shown, then a statue of a kings face. A statue of a contorted tree is covered in a hair-like substance. There is a large pit filled with liquid in the center of the room. Arya can be heard, and then seen, sweeping. The waif carries a bucket past her. Sitting on the edge of the pit, Jaqen whisper to a man. Arya looks up and watches as Jaqen scoops up a cup of liquid from the pit, and hands it to the man. The man looks up at Jaqen, and hesitates before taking it.  Valar morghulis.  Valar dohaeris. The man drinks the liquid, and watches as he approaches the statue of the woman with her eyes closed. He kneels down in front of it. Arya puts her broom down and approaches Jaqen.  I've been sweeping this floor for days.  Good.  I didn't come here to sweep floors.  No? Why come, then?  You said that I could be your apprentice. You said you'd teach me how to a Faceless Man.  A man teaches a girl. (Stands up). Valar dohaeris. All men must serve. Faceless men, most of all. (Walks away).  I want to serve. (Jaqen stops).  A girl wants to serve herself. Here we serve the Many-Faced God, to serve well. A girl must become no-one.  Which one is the Many-Faced God? I see the Stranger. I see the Drowned God. I see the Weirwood Face.  There is only one god. A girl knows his name. And all men know his gift. Jaqen leaves. Arya looks down at the man who had been kneeling. He is lying on his back, dead. Two men come into the room with a stretcher. They places the mans body on it and begin walking to an open door at the end of the room. The waif walks past Arya.  Where are they taking him? The waif doesnt respond, but continues walking. Arya turns to watch as the door closes behind the men carrying the stretcher. Bells are ringing, and people are cheering and shouting. Many are on the sides of the road, waving as a number of carriages are carried past.  Queen Margaery! Queen Margaery! Queen Margaery! Inside her carriage, Cersei watches the people on the street, a sullen look on her face. She closes her curtains.  I am his/hers, and she/he is mine. From this day, until the end of my days.  I am his/hers, and she/he is mine. From this day, until the end of my days. Tommen and Margaery share a kiss. Cersei watches them from the crowd, emotionless. The newlyweds turn to the crowd, holding hands. Everyone claps. They smile and laugh. Cersei claps as well, and forces herself to smile. Tommen breathes heavily as he and Margaery finish having sex. She turns onto her side and smiles.  Did I hurt you?  No. You were lovely.  It all happened so fast.  Yes. (Chuckles).  I was scared maybe I hurt you, it sounded  No, no, no. You're very sweet. The sweetest king who ever lived.  This is what I want to do all day, every day for the rest of my life.  Wouldn't that be glorious? (They laugh. Tommen leans in to kiss her). Shouldn't we rest a little while? Just to catch our breath, there's no rush, is there?  Of course not. Are you hungry? Shall I have them bring you some cake or pomegranate juice?  No, I'm fine. I just want you all to myself. I want to know everything there is to know about King Tommen First of His Name.  King Tommen. It still sounds strange to me. Does Queen Margaery sound strange to you?  So strange Husband.  Wife. (They laugh). Sometimes it feels odd. I'm the king, I've married the most beautiful woman in the world, (She chuckles), and it's all because my brother died.  I understand. But it's not your fault, you know that, don't you? You mustn't feel guilty.  I don't feel guilty. That's what's odd. Margaery looks at him curiously. He suddenly sits up.  Do you like to sail?  (Sits up). I love to sail.  I do, too.  I think we're going to be very happy, you and I.  I do, too. She kisses him and turns around. She gets up, wrapping a bedsheet around herself as a cover.  Living in a tower so high, it touches the clouds. Of course my grandmother couldn't wait to go home. The capital is not for everyone, I suppose. Does your mother like it here?  I don't think so. She told me never to trust anyone in King's Landing.  It's so wonderful to have her watching over you. A lioness guiding her cub. (Pours them some wine).  Well, but I'm a man now.  You are. And the king. (Hands him win). But you'll always be her baby-boy.  I suppose.  I adore how she has always been so generous with me, so kind. And the horror she's had to injure. (Sits down and begins to comb her hair). Losing her husband, her eldest child and her father. It's no wonder she's so protective of you. She'll never let you out of her sight. Cersei and Tommen walk together, her arm around his. A group of guards walk behind them.  You look very much in love. The first days of marriage are often so blissful. She's certainly very pretty, isn't she? Like a doll, she smiles quite a lot. Do you think she's intelligent? I can't quite tell. Not that it matters.  Do you ever miss Casterly Rock?  There's nothing for me in Casterly Rock.  That's where you grew up. (They stop). You always told me that you liked the people there better. You said that King's Landing smelled of horse dung and sour milk.  (Chuckles). Why are we speaking of Casterly Rock?  The way that you talked about it, I always thought that you missed it. That you... That it was your real home.  This is my real home now. Where my family lives.  I want you to be happy, mother.  I know that. I know you do, my sweet boy.  But wouldn't you be happier in Casterly Rock? Cersei approaches a room with two guards. Inside, Margaery is having tea with some of her friends.  I said, "Darling, surely 4 times is enough, are you trying to set a new record?" (Laugher). And he said, "Well, what is the record? I'm sure we can break it." Margaerys friends laugh. As Cersei walks in, they all get up and bow.  Mother! (Gets up and hugs Cersei). Welcome.  Don't you look lovely. Marriage agrees with you.  Can we bring you anything to eat or drink? I wish we had some wine for you. It's a bit early in the day for us.  No, no. I, I can't stay. I just wanted to let you know if, there is ever anything I can do for you.  You are very sweet.  Tommen seems quite taken with his new queen.  I absolutely adore him. You raised a gallant young man. I'm forever grateful.  Good. Good. I'm glad to hear you're happy.  Ecstatic. I really am. Exhausted, to be honest, but what can I expect, he is half lion, half stag. (Margaerys friends laugh).  I'll leave you to it then. (Turns to leave).  Oh, forgive me, I haven't been at Court for long, I get so confused. What's the proper way to address you now? Queen Mother or Dowager Queen?  There's no need for such formalities.  In any event, judging from the King's enthusiasm, the Queen Mother will be a Queen Grandmother soon.  Wont that be a lovely day.  Can you imagine the celebrations? They'll ring the bells all day and night.  Remember. Anything you need. Margaery smiles. Cersei leaves. Margaerys smile fades. It returns when her friends begin laughing, and she turns back around. Cersei walks away with her two guards, still able to hear the laughter. A horse whinnies. Bolton bannermen ride to the keep. In the keep, a number of workmen are busy building and repairing things. Some men carry some raven cages through the middle of the courtyard. Theon, carrying a dead bird, walks through for a moment. He then comes across some soldiers lifting up some flayed bodies with rope. He becomes very tense and forces himself to keep walking, head down. A raven picks at a body in a cart. Roose and Ramsay sit at a table as Theon cuts some food. Ramsay talks with his face stuffed.  We can't hold the North with terror alone.  You can't hold the North if you let these lesser lords insult us.  I sent you there to collect taxes, not bodies.  Lord Cerwyn refused to pay. Said the Warden of the North would always be a Stark, and he'd be damned if he kissed a traitor's boot. Theon holds the food in front of Ramsay. He takes some of it and puts it on his plate.  He left you no choice.  I flayed him living, along with his wife and brother. Made his son watch.  And?  The new Lord Cerwyn paid his taxes.  (After a moment). I have something important to tell you. Stop eating and listen. Ramsay, who had been heavily engrossed in his eating, stops suddenly and looks up. Theon slowly puts down a plate nearby. Ramsay puts down his silverware and sits back, looking at his father.  We don't have enough men to hold the North if the other Houses rise up against us. Do you understand that?  Our pact with the Lannisters protects -  I had a pact with Tywin Lannister, and Tywin Lannister is dead. The remaining Lannisters are a thousand miles away dealing with that fact. They've never once in the history of the Seven Kingdoms sent their army this far north. If you think they will for us, you're a fool. We become a great house by entering in alliances with other houses, and parleying those alliances into greater power. The best way to forge a lasting alliance isn't by peeling a man's skin off. The best way is marriage. (Stands up). Now that you're a Bolton by royal decree, it's time you married a suitable bride. And as it happens, I found the perfect girl to solidify our hold in the North. Sansa, Baelish, and a number of knights ride towards Moat Cailin. The party stops. Baelish leads Sansa on foot to a spot where they can easily overlook the keep. The keep is shown, surrounded by swampy riverlands.  That's Moat Cailin.  Yes. A bit shabby, isn't it? You've been here before.  On our way down to King's Landing, with my father and Arya and where are you taking me?  Home.  The Boltons have Winterfell. (He nods). The marriage proposal, it wasn't for you?  (Shakes his head). No.  Roose Bolton murdered my brother. He betrayed my family!  He did.  He serves the Lannisters.  For now.  I won't go.  Winterfell is your home.  Not anymore.  Always. You're a Stark. Dyeing your hair doesn't change that. You're Sansa Stark. The eldest surviving child of Ned and Catelyn Stark. Your place is in the North.  I can't marry him. You can't make me. He's a traitor. A murderer.  You're not marrying Roose Bolton. No, you'll be marrying his son and heir, Ramsay. One day he'll be Warden of the North and you will -  No!  Sansa -  No, you can't make me. I will starve myself. I will die before I have to go there.  (Grabbing her). I won't force you to do anything. Don't you know by now how much I care for you? Say the word and we turn the horses round, but listen to me. Listen. (Quietly). You've been running all your life. Terrible things happened to your family and you weep. You sit alone in a darkened room, mourning their fates. You've been a bystander to tragedy from the day they executed your father. Stop being a bystander, do you hear me? Stop running. There's no justice in the world. Not unless we make it. You loved your family. Avenge them. He kisses her forehead. He walks back to their horses. After a few moments, she regains her composure and gets on her horse. The party starts moving again. On top of a large hill nearby, Brienne and Podrick watch as the party arrives at the keep.  How do we get through there?  We don't. We go around. (She turns her horse and begins leaving).  It sets miles out of the way. We'll lose sight of them.  Doesn't matter. I know where they're going. Podrick sits scrubbing a boot.  Aren't you getting a bit old to be a squire? How did you end up squiring for the Imp?  He hates that nickname.  Well, he's not here to complain about it, is he? Podrick finishes scrubbing and hands the boot to Brienne. He puts the brush down. Brienne begins putting the boot on.  I squired for a knight name Ser Lorimer during the War of the Five Kings. One night, he had a bit too much to drink. And he was famished, so he borrowed a ham.  He borrowed it?  He wasn't a thief. He was drunk and hungry and he wasn't thinking. I was drunk too. He gave me half the ham. Next morning, one of the guards saw him passed out, under a wagon, with the ham bone still in his hand. They hanged the man afternoon. They tied the noose for me too, but, Lord Tywin heard my family name was Payne. So he pardoned me, and sent me to King's Landing to squire for his son.  As punishment. For both of you.  It didn't seem that way. Lord Tyrion was always very good to me.  (Walks away to get firewood). Yes, all of your lords were very kind to you. All except me. Sorry you have to squire such a nasty person.  I'm not sorry. You're the best fighter I've ever seen. You beat The Hound. I'm proud to be your squire.  I'm sorry I'm always snapping at you.  If you wouldn't snap at me I wouldn't learn anything.  You want to be a knight, Pod?  Yes.  Starting tomorrow, we'll train with the sword twice a day, before we ride in the morning and after we camp for the evening. (Sits down). And I'm going to show you how to ride properly.  Thank you.  I can't knight you, but I can teach you how to fight.  I suppose that's more important. Podrick leans over the campfire with some rocks. He strikes them together until he gets a spark, and blows until the fire starts going. He wipes himself off and stands up, walking over to Brienne. He begins taking her armor off.  You weren't a knight, but you were a Kingsguard to Renly Baratheon, weren't you?  I was.  Lord Tyrion said he was a good man.  He was.  But how did you end up serving Renly?  (After a few moments). When I was a girl, my father held a ball. I'm his only living child, so he wants to make a good match for me. He invited dozens of young lords to Tarth. I didn't want to go, but he dragged me to the ballroom. (Pauses). And it was wonderful. None of the boys noticed how mulish and tall I was. The shoved each other, and threatened to duel if they thought it was their turn to dance. And whispered in my ear how they wanted to marry me and take me back to their castles. (Smiles). My father smiled at me and I smiled at him. I'd never been so happy. (Her smile drops). Till I saw a few of the boys sniggering. And then they all started to laugh, they couldn't keep the game going any longer. They were toying with me. Brienne the Beauty, they called me. Great joke. And I realized I was the ugliest girl alive. A great lumbering beast. I tried to run away, but Renly Baratheon took me in his arms. Don't let them see your tears, he told me. Theyre nasty little shits. The nasty little shits aren't worth crying over. He danced with me and none of the other boys could say a word. And he was the king's brother after all.  But wasn't he... Lord Tyrion said he was...  Yes, Pod, he liked men, I'm not an idiot. He didn't love me, he didn't want me, he danced with me because he was kind and he wouldn't see me hurt. He saved me from being a joke. From that day until his last day. And I couldn't save him in return. Nothing's more hateful than failing to protect the one you love. One day, I will avenge King Renly.  But you said a shadow murdered him. How do you fight a shadow?  A shadow with the face of Stannis Baratheon. I know it was Stannis. I know it in my heart. Stannis is a man, not a shadow. And a man can be killed. Olly opens the door for Stannis and Davos. Jon sits at his desk.  Lord Commander.  (Stands up). Your Grace.  (To Olly as he closes the door). I'd like to speak alone.  Olly is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander Mormont's. I want him to attend my meetings, to learn from men with experience. One day, he might command.  Very well. (They all sit down). Have you considered my offer?  I have. And I thank you for it. You do me great honor. All my life I wanted to be Jon Stark.  Say the word and you will be.  But I have to refuse you. I'm Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. My place is here.  I'm giving you a chance to avenge your family. To take back the castle where you grew up. To rule the North.  I wish I could fight beside you. Believe me, I do. But I swore a sacred vow at the Godswood. I pledged my life to the Night's Watch.  You're as stubborn as your father. And as honorable.  I can imagine no higher praise.  I didn't mean it as praise. Honor got your father killed. (Stands up). But if your minds made up, I won't try to persuade you.  May I ask, Your Grace, how long you plan to stay at Castle Black?  Are you bored of us already?  You saved us from Mance Rayder's army. We will never forget that. But it's a question of survival. The Night's Watch can't continue to feed your men and the wildling prisoners indefinitely. Winter is coming.  I know it. We march on Winterfell within the fortnight. Before the snows trap us here.  And the wildlings?  They'd rather burn than fight for me, so be it. I leave their fate to you. You could execute them, that's the safest course. (After a moment). Or you could see if this Tormund fellow is more willing to compromise than Mance ever was. I assume the brothers of the Night's Watch would rather see the wildlings dead.  Most of the brothers, yes. There's little love for the free folk here. (Olly stares at him).  You're the Lord Commander. Your decision. Stannis begins to leave. Olly opens the door.  You have many enemies in Castle Black. Have you considered sending Alliser Thorne elsewhere? Give him command of Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.  I heard it was best to keep your enemies close.  Whoever said that didn't have many enemies. Stannis leaves. Davos begins to leave, but turns to Jon as Jon begins to pace.  He sees something in you. (Jon looks up). Might not be apparent from his tone, but it's the truth. He believes in you.  I'm sorry I disappointed him. Davos walks forward and takes a seat. Olly closes the door again.  The king is a complicated man. But he wants what's right for the Seven Kingdoms.  As long as he's ruling them.  He's the one true king. He has the blood right to that throne.  Ive sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms.  Have you now? (Turning to Olly). How does the Night's Watch vow go again? I bet you've got it memorized since you got here. Olly looks to Jon. Jon looks at him, crosses his arms, and nods.  Night gathers and now my watch begins -  Not that bit, the bit at the end.  I'm the sword in the darkness, the watcher on the walls, the shield that guards the realm of men. I pledge my life -  Wait, that's enough. The shield that guards the realm of men. That's what you swore to be. Now I'm not a learned man, but the best way of helping the most people might not be sitting in a frozen castle at the edge of the world. It just might mean wading in the muck, getting your boots dirty, and doing what needs to be doing.  And what needs to be done?  As long as the Boltons rule the North, (Stands up), the North will suffer. Just one man's opinion. Davos nods and turns to leave. Olly opens the door for him. Jon sits at his desk and sighs. Arya lays on her bed, playing with her coin in her hand. Suddenly, the door opens, and she sits up. The waif enters with a cane, and begins pacing.  What do you want?  Who are you?  What?  You, who walk in here with a coin you never earned, whose value you do not respect. (Stops and walks to Arya). Who are you?  (After a moment, perks up). No one. The waif quickly swings her cane at Arya, hitting her arm. Arya, now on her feet, turns to face the waif, holding her arm in pain.  Ow! Cunt!  A lie, a sad little lie. Who are you?  I told you, I'm no - (Gets hit again). Do that again and - The waif hits her a third time, sending her to the ground.  Who are you?  You're about to find out. Arya reaches for her sword. Before she can pick it up, Jaqen appears.  What are you doing?  We were only playing. The game of faces.  A girl is not ready.  Clearly not.  (Stands up). I am ready.  For what? For whatever you want. To be a Faceless Man. To be no one. The waif turns to her. Jaqen looks at the sword on Aryas bed.  Whose sword is that? It belongs to Arya Stark. Arya Stark's sword, Arya Stark's clothes, Arya Stark's stolen silver. A man wonders how is it that no one came to be surrounded by Arya Stark's things? The waif, looking smug, leaves. On a dock near the house of Black and White, Arya wraps a rock in her clothes. She is wearing new clothes, similar to the ones the waif wears. She ties them up and drops them into the water, the rock causing them to sink. She picks up her coin purse and throws it in the water. After a moment of examining her original coin in her hand, she throws it in the water as well. She looks at her sword Needle for a moment, and then picks it up. She prepares to throw it in the sea, but finds herself unable to, and begins to sob. She turns and walks over to some nearby rocks, and hides the sword under some of them. Arya is again sweeping the floor in the main room. She notices the men from the beginning of the episode carrying another dead body into the back room. However, after a moment, she realizes that she didnt hear the door close, and she looks up to find it wide open. Jaqen surprises her by suddenly putting his hand on her shoulder. He nods towards the door, and begins walking over to it. Arya follows him, leaving the broom outside. They go down a fire-lit tunnel. Jaqen opens the door at the end of the tunnel to reveal a chamber. Inside, the waif stands motionless next to a large stone slab. On it is the dead man. Jaqen leaves through the back door. After Jaqen closes the door, the waif begins to remove the dead mans clothes. She looks up at Arya, who walks over and begins to do so as well. The waif inspects his body. She wets a rag and begins cleaning off the man.  What do we do with them after we wash them? The waif only looks up and smiles lightly, making no other response. She goes back to washing him, and Arya wets a rag of her own to help.  Open gates! The gates are opened. Sansa, Baelish, and a number of knights on horseback gallop through. They stop. Theon watches from nearby through some metal bars, trembling. Baelish gets off of his horse. Roose, Ramsay, and Walda watch as Sansa gets off hers. Roose walks forward. Baelish leads Sansa towards him, rubbing her hands.  Lady Sansa, welcome. After a tense moment, Sansa smiles and curtsies.  (Smiles). Lord Bolton.  May I introduce my son, (Stands aside), Ramsay Bolton? Ramsay smiles and walks forwards, removing his gloves. Sansa smiles at him.  It's an honor to meet you, my Lady. He takes her hand and kisses it. Nearby, Myranda and other women watch. An old servant woman leads Sansa down a hallway to her chambers. She opens the door.  I'll bring you a bowl of hot water. You must want to wash.  Thank you.  Welcome home, Lady Stark. (Quieter) The North remembers. Sansa watches as the woman leaves. Jon sits at a table, tapping his fingers anxiously. The men in the room talk amongst themselves.  Sam. (Sam looks up. Jon looks at Maester Aemons chair). Maester Aemon?  He apologizes for not being here. He's not feeling well.  Take good care of him. (To the group). Brothers. As you all know too well, it's long past time to dig a new latrine pit. (Laughter. Jon looks at Alliser). First Builder Yarwyck and I have decided to appoint a latrine captain to oversee this crucial task. (Laughter. After a moment, he continues). Brian. Seems like a good job for a ginger. Everyone laughs. Some of the men jokingly pat Brian on his back, and Brian laughs as well.  Ser Alliser. (Silence). You have more experience than any other soldier at Castle Black. You proved your valour many times over, while defending the Wall from the wildling attack. I name you First Ranger. Some of the men shout in approval. Alliser looks up surprised. Edd and Sam look at each other. Janos pats him on the shoulder.  Lord Janos. I'm giving you command of Greyguard.  (Scoffs). Greyguard is a ruin.  Yes, the fort is in a sorry state. Restore it as best you can. First Builder Yarwyck can spare ten of his -  I was charged with the defense of King's Landing when you were soiling your swaddling clothes. Keep your ruin. Some of the men begin talking loudly. Olly shifts in his seat.  Alright, alright! Enough of that.  You mistake me, my Lord. That was a command, not an offer. Pack your arms and armour, say your farewells, and ride for Greyguard.  (Stands up, angrily shouts). I will not go meekly off to freeze and die! Give it to one of the fools who cast a stone for you. I will not have it. Do you hear me, boy? I will not have it!  Are you refusing to obey my order? The men in the room all turn to look at Janos.  You can stick your order up your bastard arse. Some of the men whisper in shock. Janos looks pleased with himself. Alliser turns to Jon smugly.  Take Lord Janos outside. The men begin to stand up. Janos scoffs.  Olly, bring me my sword. Olly turns quickly to Jon, then gets up. Janos looks more unsure of himself as more men get up. Alliser turns and looks at Janos disapprovingly. Edd walks over to get Janos. Alliser stands in his way for a moment. Jon looks at the confrontation, worried. Alliser raises his eyebrows for a moment and moves out of the way. Janos looks at him shocked. Edd grabs Janos, and some other men assist in dragging him outside.  You cannot do this! Get your hands off me! (Everyone moves outside). Scum, all of you! If the boy thinks he can frighten me, he's mistaken, yes, very mistaken. Someone puts a chopping block down. Janos is taken up to it.  A disgrace! I have friends, important friends in the capital! You'll see! Jon takes a final sip of his wine, gets up, and goes outside. The watchmen all gather in the courtyard. Olly hands Jon his sword. Jon walks up to where Janos is being held. Stannis watches from afar. Jon unsheathes his sword, and Janos looks up at it.  If you have any last words, my Lord, now is the time.  (Trembling). I was wrong. You're the Lord Commander! We all serve you. I'm sorry. Not only for this, for all I've done and said. I was wrong! (Jon brings his sword up). My Lord, please, mercy! Mercy! I'll go! I will! Please. I'm afraid. I've always been afraid. Janos sobs for a few moments. Jon hesitates, and then brings his sword down, decapitating Janos. He hands his sword to a watchman standing nearby. He looks up and makes eye contact with Stannis. The High Septon kneels in the center of a room. Seven prostitutes, dressed as each of the new gods, circle around him. Olyvar stands behind the High Septon, wearing a fake beard and holding a scale. The prostitutes giggle as the High Septon eyes them all.  You have served us well, my son.  Thank you, Father.  Which of the Seven will you worship today?  The Maiden.  Where is the Maiden?  And the Stranger.  (Leaning forward). Two is extra, you realize?  Yes, yes. Olyvar snaps his fingers. He and five of the prostitutes step aside. The two dressed as the Maiden and the Stranger remain and approach the High Septon, who smiles. Suddenly, some men led by Lancel Lannister barge into the room. The High Septon gasps and turns around.  What are you doing? This establishment belong to Lord Petyr Baelish. You can't - The men force the High Septon to his feet. One of the men rips off Olyvars fake beard, hits him to the ground, and begins kicking him. The prostitutes run out of the room.  You have profaned our faith. The faith of our fathers and forefathers.  I am the High Septon of the -  (Grabs his neck). You are a sinner. And you shall be punished. The men drag the High Septon out of the room. He is forced out into the street naked, and begin walking. He tries to cover his penis with his hands, but one of the men hits him with a stick. People gather on the sides of the street to watch, and begin chanting.  Sinner! Sinner! Sinner!  Repent!  Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner!  Shame on you!  Sinner! Sinner! Mace opens the door for the High Septon. He approaches the table. In better light, it is clear that his face is heavily bruised. Mace closes the door and walks over. The High Septon addresses each of the member present.  (To Cersei) Your Grace, (To Pycelle), Grandmaester, (To Mace) Lord Tyrell, (To Qyburn), uh  It doesn't matter. (Mace sits down).  As the High Septon of the Faith of the Seven I give voice to the will of the Gods and am their foremost servant in this world. An insult to me is an insult to the Gods. An assault on my person, is an assault on our very religion.  You were assaulted?  I was, by those fanatics who call themselves sparrows. They humiliated me, they they beat me, they left me naked and bleeding on the cobblestones. I am lucky to be alive.  I heard this all began in Littlefinger's brothel.  High Septon, this is a rather shocking thing to hear.  I tend to both the highest born, and the lowliest amongst us. Even prostitutes may earn the mercy of the Mother.  So you were administering to the needs of these devout prostitutes?  A man's private affairs ought to stay private!  What do you want from us, High Septon?  Justice! I ask that you protect our Faith by arresting these criminals and throwing them in the black cells. I ask that you execute their leader, this so-called High Sparrow. He's a threat to everything we hold sacred. If he goes unpunished -  And where do I find this man? This High Sparrow? A soldier helps Cersei out of her carriage. She begins walking forward. Ser Meryn stands ahead of her.  I don't think this is a good idea, Your Grace.  Nonsense, Ser Meryn. These are deeply religious people. (To a man at the bottom of some stairs). Where can I find the High Sparrow? The man points up the stairs. They are crowded with people. Cersei and Ser Meryn ascend them.  Seven blessings. Cersei covers her nose. At the top of the stairs is a large room. She watches as many people eat at tables.  Thank you.  Just a little more...  Thank you ever so for the soup! In the center of the room, an old man is giving soup to people in line. Cersei approaches him.  A young man said I would find the High Sparrow back here. Where is he?  High Sparrow? Sounds ridiculous, doesn't it? Like Lord Duckling, or King Turtle. (Laughs). So, it's meant to. We're often stuck with the names our enemies give to us. (Prepares soup for the next person in line). The notion that we are all equal in the eyes of Seven doesn't sit well with some, so they belittle me.  Seven blessings to you.  Seven blessings to you, my dear. It's only a name, quite an easy burden to wear. Far easier than hers. (Prepares soup for the next person in line).  Why no shoes?  Because I gave them away to someone who needed them more. We all do that. It stops us from forgetting what we really are.  Is that why you came to King's Landing? To remind everyone?  Everyone? I have a hard enough job reminding myself. Oh, I tell them no one's special. And they think I'm special for telling them so.  (Smiles). Perhaps they're right.  It would be comforting to believe that, wouldn't it? The Gods sent you here to tempt me? I hope not. I had assumed you'd only come here to arrest me. For that incident with the High Septon.  An unacceptable way to treat the chosen representative of the Gods in this world, wouldn't you say?  Hypocrisy is a boil. Lancing a is never pleasant. Although, they could have been more careful with the blade.  The High Septon came to speak to me today. He doesn't want me to arrest you, he wants me to execute you.  I wouldn't presume to know your thoughts on the matter.  (After a moment). My thoughts on the matter align with your own. The High Septon's behaviour was corrosive, as was his attitude. Having a man like that reside in the Sept eats away the Faith from the inside. So now he resides in the Red Keep's dungeons instead. (The High Sparrow looks up at her surprised). The Faith and the Crown are the two pillars that hold up this world. If one collapses, so does the other. We must do everything necessary to protect one another. Qyburn pulls a rat out of a cage. He brings it over to a desk and holds a knife above it. The camera switches to his face, and blood splatters onto a protective lens. Cersei enters the room with a letter.  Your Grace.  Send a raven with this message to Littlefinger in the Eyrie, or wherever he's slithering about. (Hands him the letter).  At once, Your Grace. (Walks to his desk).  How's your work coming along?  Very well.  You've made progress?  More than I've expected. Still a way to go, but  Very good. I'll leave you to it then. Make sure Littlefinger is clear on the meaning of the word "immediately". Cersei leaves the room. Qyburn begins writing something down. Behind him on a table is a large object, covered by a sheet. After a few moments of writing, the object begins violently jerking around, and then stops.  Shh. Easy, friend. COURTYARD Sansa walks through the busy courtyard. Theon is shoveling dirt nearby. He looks up to see her walking in his direction, and looks away, tense. On a platform above, Ramsay and Baelish stand, watching her.  She really is lovely. I hope I can make her happy.  I hope so too. I've become quite fond of Lady Sansa during our travels together. Shes suffered enough.  I'll never hurt her. You have my word.  I've heard very little about you. Which makes you quite a rare thing, as lords go.  I haven't been a lord very long. I was a bastard.  (Approaching). And you're not anymore. Allow me a moment alone with Lord Baelish.  Yes, father. And thank you, Lord Baelish. I'm forever in your debt. (Bows).  He seems pleased.  Shouldn't he be?  (They begin walking). I assure you she's still a virgin. Tyrion never consummated the marriage. By the law of the land, she's no man's wife. Inspect her, if you must.  I leave that to the brothel keeper. It's her name I need, not her virtue.  Then I have delivered everything I've promised.  And you prepared for the consequences. When the Lannisters hear I've wed Sansa Stark to Ramsay.  The Lannister name doesn't mean what it once did. Tywin is dead. He kept his house in power through sheer will. Without him, Jaime has one hand and no allies, Tommen is a soft boy, not a king to fear.  The Queen will be enraged.  Queen Margaery adores Sansa. Cersei is Queen Mother, a title whose importance wanes with each passing day.  And yet she still has friends. Men in important places, whom she can ask for favours. (They stop, and Roose holds up a letter). A message for you, from Cersei Lannister. A rider arrived from Eyrie, shortly before dawn. Apparently, she thinks you're still in the Vale.  A message for me, you say. Strange that the seal is broken.  I'm sure you understand my position, Lord Baelish. If you received word in the night from the Queen Mother, it does make me question our new alliance. The Lannisters made you one of the great lords of Westeros. Yet, here you are in the North, undermining them. Why gamble with your position?  Every ambitious move is a gamble. You gambled when you drove a dagger into Robb Stark's heart. It appears that your gamble paid off. You're Warden of the North.  I had Tywin Lannister backing. Who supports me now? You?  The Eyrie is mine. The last time the lords of the Eyrie formed an alliance with the lords of the North, they brought down the greatest dynasty this world has ever known. I'd like to borrow one of your birds. Cersei will expect a reply.  I'd like to read the reply. Roose walks away. Tyrion repeatedly opens and closes a window.  I have to get out of this wheelhouse.  Volantis is a large city.  I have to get out of this wheelhouse.  The likelihood of you being spotted here increases a hundredfold.  Mm, I have to get out of this wheelhouse.  I'm not sure how many new ways I can find of saying this.  (Walks over to him). I will not be of any use to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind. I can't remember the last face I saw that wasn't yours.  It's a perfectly good face.  I'm losing my mind.  If anyone recognizes you, you'll lose more than that.  Look, we are thousands of miles from Westeros. (Pulls his hood up). What am I? (Varys shakes his head). One more drunk dwarf. Tyrion knocks on the front of the carriage. The camera then pans over part of the city. Varys and Tyrion walk through a busy marketplace.  Slaves.  Yes. The Volantene masters are very organized. (Shot of a man with a fly tattooed onto his cheek). Flies for dung shovelers. (Shot of a man with a hammer tattooed onto his cheek). Hammers for builders. (Shot of a man inspecting women with tears tattooed onto their cheeks). Tears for whores. Lest they forget. Varys and Tyrion arrive at a clearing in the market and stop. A woman speaks before a large crowd.  (Valyrian) Lord cast your light upon us.  (Valyrian, in unison) Lord cast your light upon us.  (Valyrian) For the night is dark and full of terrors.  (Aside) We should keep moving. Noticing Tyrion is no longer next to him, he frantically looks around.  (Valyrian, in unison) For the night is dark and full of terrors.  (Valyrian) I was once as you are now. The woman points to her cheek. Tyrion watches from some nearby steps, and drinks some wine.  (Valyrian) Bought and sold, (Varys approaches Tyrion), scourged and branded...  The only red priest we had in King's Landing was Thoros of Myr. This one's much better looking.  (Valyrian) The Lord of Light hears your voice. He hears the king as he hears the slave; he hears the Stone Men in their misery...  Stone men. Good luck stopping this spread of grayscale with prayer. You'd have better luck dancing away the plague. (Varys shushes him worriedly).  (Valyrian) He has sent you a saviour! From the fire she was reborn to remake the world! The Dragon Queen!  We're going to meet the Saviour! You should have told me. Who doesn't want to meet the Saviour? The priestess slowly turns her head to lock eyes with Tyrion.  (Covering his face). Come on. Let's find a brothel. They return to the marketplace and continue walking. They stop at a large door, which a man is guarding. He rubs Tyrions head.  (Valyrian) Its good luck to rub a dwarfs head.  It's even better luck to suck a dwarf's cock. Varys rolls his eyes, exasperated. The man stares at him unamused.  See? We blend right in. Just two more travellers, mad with lust. Elsewhere in the brothel, Jorah sets his cup down. Tyrion and Varys sit down at a table, and a woman comes to bring them wine.  Thank you. Tyrion clinks his glass against Varyss. A prostitute dressed as Daenerys walks through the brothel. Tyrion looks at her.  Curious... hair. (She looks at him).  (Across the room). The mother of dragons! He gestures for her to come over. She approaches their table.  It appears you're not the only Targaryen supporter. Jorah watches the prostitute, and then looks away.  Someone who inspires priests and whores is worth taking seriously.  What makes you worth that much?  Im magic. (They laugh).  I bet you bloody are. Jorah listens to this, appearing extremely uncomfortable.  Well, (Watches her kiss the man), she's taken. Tyrion spots another prostitute, with shorter dark hair. He gets up.  Where're you going?  I need to speak to someone with hair. Tyrion approaches the black haired prostitute.  Hello?  Hello.  You've got no drink.  You've got no money.  Do I look like a man without money? (She looks at him incredulously). Never trust looks. Until quite recently, I was one of the richest men in the world. (She laughs). But who needs wealth when you can make a woman laugh? (Sits down). I always pay my debts, I'm well known for it. The blonde prostitute and the man giggle. Tyrion glances over at them.  You like her? They all like her. They all want to fuck a queen.  Thats because theyve never met a queen.  You're just saying that.  You know how to spot a liar. If I could pick any girl here, I would pick you.  Why?  Because you have a skeptical mind.  (Smiles). Alright, then. I'm warning you. Were gonna have to wash you first. She takes his hand, but Tyrion doesnt get up.  Come on.  (After a moment). I'm, I'm sorry, I can't.  Of course you can. You're shy.  I'm not.  Have another drink.  Gladly, but this, I can't do. Believe me, no one is more shocked than I am. I hope it passes. What will I do in my spare time? Ill go for a piss, thats a start. She looks confused. Tyrion walks away. Varys, noticing that Tyrion is no longer in his view, gets up worriedly. Tyrion pisses out of a window, and sips his wine. He throws the cup out into the water below. He notices that someone is behind him.  No need to worry, I was just - (Turns to see its not Varys, but Jorah). Oh, I thought you were someone else. Shows almost over. I'm sure the girls inside will be happy to oblige. Jorah looks behind him. As Tyrion pulls up his pants, Jorah puts a rope around him and begins tying it.  You made some kind of mistake. Why don't you tell me what you think you are doing and - Jorah puts a rag over Tyrions mouth.  I'm taking you to the Queen. Tyrions eyes widen. Jorah picks him up and leaves. Men of the Nights Watch prepare the horses as snow falls on Castle Black. Thormund is brought before Jon. Jon looks at him, nods, and a Brother removes Tormunds chains. Thormund raises his free hands to Ser Alliser in the distance and is carried away. Jon walks over to Alliser.  First Ranger, you have command of Castle Black.  Lord Commander, it is my duty to tell you I believe this mission to be reckless, foolhardy, and an insult to all of the Brothers that have died fighting the wildlings. Cut to Olly watching their conversation from afar.  As always, thank you for your honesty. Jon walks away to Sam.  Safe travels, Lord Commander.  Thank you, Sam.  Oh, and Sam hands him a wrapped package. Jon opens it to find a sword.  Its Dragonglass. Its what I used to kill the White Walker. I hope you dont need them.  Me too. They hug. Jon gets on a horse next to Tormund and rides away.  There he is. That laugh. Egg! Egg laughed like that. One of the first things I remember about him. Gilly looks at Sam, confused.  His little brother, Aegon. He became king.  And before that, he was a jolly fellow. Like this one. Aemons mood changes, he suddenly becomes panicked.  Get him south, Gillyflower. Before its too late. Theon carries a food plate across the hall. He arrives at a door and unlocks it. Sansa is sleeping. Theon approaches and closes a window, waking Sansa.  Theon, wait.  Not Theon, my lady. Reek. Sansa sits up in bed, revealing cuts and bruises along her arms.  Help me.  Youre his wife now.  Theon  Do what he says. Do what he says or hell hurt you.  He already hurts me every night. All day Im locked in this room and every night he comes. It cant be worse.  It can. It can always be worse. Sansa stands up.  What did he do to you?  Please Theon goes for the door. Sansa runs to the door and blocks him from leaving.  You betrayed my family!  Im sorry. Im sorry!  You have to help me!  Hell see us. You dont know him.  My family still has friends in the North. All I have to do is give a signal and theyll rescue me. Climb to the top of the Broken Tower, light this candle, and put it in the window. Promise me, Theon.  Reek, my lady, Reek!  Your name is Theon Greyjoy. Last surviving son of Balon Greyjoy, Lord of the Iron Islands, do you hear me? Theon. Promise me. Theon hesitates, nods, and exits the room. Theon walks across Winterfell with the Broken Tower in the background. Theon climbs the stairs to the top floor. He opens the door to see Ramsay eating.  Yes, Reek? Brienne stares at the top floor of the Broken Tower from beyond the walls of Winterfell. Close-up on a candle, then Gillys baby.  Egg! Egg! Mothers looking for you! Egg!  Get some sleep, Sam. Youll have to speak for him tomorrow.  You dont know that.  Get some sleep. Ill watch over him.  Ill stay too. Hes always been good to me. I cant leave him now.  Egg! Egg.. I dreamed... that I was old Close up on Maester Aemons funeral pyre.  His name was Aemon Targaryen. He came to us from Kings Landing, a Maester of the Citadel, chained and sworn. And a sworn brother of the Nights Watch, ever faithful. No man was wiser or gentler or kinder. At the Wall a dozen Lord Commanders came and went during his years of service, but he was always there to counsel them. He was the blood of the dragon, but now his fire has gone out. And now his watch has ended.  And now his watch has ended. Sam lights the pyre, then hands the torch to Alliser, who lights it then passes it along.  Youre losing all your friends, Tarly. Sam looks up to see a Brother glaring at him. Sansa walks up to Ramsay.  My beautiful wife. He kisses her.  When my father told me we were marrying I half expected a fat, bearded beast. Do you know how pleased I was when I saw you? Youve made me very happy. They start walking down stairs. Sansa grabs a cross in the snow before they leave.  Our scouts report that Stannis Baratheon rides for Winterfell. Hes a respected commander. His troops are loyal and battle tested. Hes hired thousands of foreign sell swords to bolster his army. But this storm was a stroke of luck for us northerners. Our people are used to fighting in frost. His armys out there now, suffering in the snow. One day Ill be Lord of Winterfell, and Warden of the North. Youll be my Lady and Wardeness.  But isnt your step mother pregnant?  What of it?  What happens if she has a boy?  Then Ill have a baby brother.  But hell be the heir.  Im Lord Boltons eldest son.  But youre a bastard, a true born will always have the stronger claim. Ramsay stops walking.  Ive been naturalized by a royal decree of--  Tommen Baratheon. Another bastard. They start walking again.  Bastards can rise high in the world. Like your half-brother Jon Snow. Born The Bastard of Winterfell, now the Lord Commander of the Nights Watch. Sansa looks shocked.  You didnt know? Yes, hes done very well for himself. Ah. I near forgot why I asked you to join me. Come, my lady. The woman who visited Sansas chamber previously is out in the open, flayed to death.  Your Northern friend. Reek told me you wanted to leave. Cut to Theon looking terrified.  Why? Winterfell is your home and I am your husband. Sansa continues to look at the woman, horrified.  Tough old bird. Everyone talks when I start beating them. But this one. Her heart gave out before I got to her face. We do breed them tough in the North. Bring my wife back to her chamber. Its far too cold out here for a lady. You should hold on to your candles. The nights are so long now. He kisses her on the cheek then she is carried away. Davos rides through the camp on horseback, observing the men as they cough and huddle around each other. The snow is falling hard.  40 horses died in the night. Well lose more come sunset. Were running out of food. We cant open the supply line until the snow clears.  What else?  The Stormcrows rode off last night.  500 men. Davos nods. Stannis removes a Baratheon piece from his chess board.  Sell swords, loyal to nothing but gold.  We still have a hard march to Wintefell and we wont be marching anywhere in this weather.  And?  This isnt our time, we should head back to Castle Black when the snow clears.  I retreated from Kings Landing, Ser Davos. If I retreat again, I become The King Who Ran.  Your Grace..  Winter is coming. Those arent just the Stark words, its a fact. If we march back to Castle Black, we winter at Castle Black. And who can say how many years this winter will last.  Its better to wait for the right time than to risk everything.  This is the right time, and I will risk everything. Because if I don't, weve lost. We march to victory or we march to defeat, but we go forward only forward, Davos looks to Melisandre, lurking in the back of the tent.  Your Grace. (leaves)  Ive trusted in your visions, in your prophecies for years.  You saw it yourself, my king, when you stared into the flames. A great battle in the snow.  I dont know what I saw.  You do know. Trust yourself.  And you, do you trust yourself?  I trust in the Lord.  Are you sure?  I have seen myself walk along the battlements of Wintefell. I have seen the flayed men banners lowered to the ground. She flips the Bolton pieces over on Stannis board.  But sometimes sacrifices must be made to ensure victory. I have shown you the power of king's blood. The Usurper Robb Stark. The Usurper Joffrey Baratheon.  We dont have Roberts bastard here.  No, we have someone better, and your blood runs through her veins.  Have you lost your mind?  Do you doubt me still? After all that youve seen?  There must be another way. Leeches or something.  There is only one way. You must become king before the Long Night begins. Only you can lead the living against the dead. All your life has led us to this moment. To this decision.  Shes my daughter. Melisandre embraces him.  Get out. Gilly washes clothes. Two Brothers walk into the room.  The beauty from beyond The Wall. Gilly starts walking away.  Where are you going, huh? Arent we better looking than the fat man?  The question is, is she pretty down south in the real world, or is she pretty because shes the only girl here?  Even in White Harbor, Id want a kiss.  Come on love, give us a kiss.  Leave me alone.  If you were my girl I wouldnt leave you alone.  One little kiss.  Come on, give him a kiss.  A man gets lonely guarding the Wall. She tries to walk away. They slap the laundry basket out of her hands and trap her.  Theres no need to be rude.  We just want a little affection. She slaps Derryk across the face. Sam enters the room and pulls out his sword.  Get your hands off her. Brother Derryk. Brother Brand. I believe you both have guard duty tonight.  Sam the Slayer. Are you gonna slay me with that sword?  Look at his hands shaking.  Gilly go on, Get back to your room and lock the door. Derryk throws her to the floor.  Im warning you.  Come on! Come on! Sam swings the sword. It is deflected and he is subdued. Derryk punches him in the gut then starts kicking him.  You lying sack of shit! Killed a White Walker, eh? You fatass fuck. Come on, get up. (to Gilly) Hes your hero. Hes a hog!  Leave him alone! She charges at Derryk. He subdues her.  Stubborn little wilding bitch arent ya? Brand kicks Sam in the face.  Sam! Sam! Sam! He punches Sam repeatedly in the face until he seems to lose consciousness.  Alright. Hold still. They both hold Gilly down as she screams. Sam gets back up.  I said get your hands off her.  Youre gonna get yourself killed.  Roll over. Jon Snows not here to save you.  I killed a White Walker. I killed a Thenn. Ill take my chances with you. Ghost shows up and growls at the brothers. They sprint out of the room. Sam falls to his knees.  Sam!  Im alright.  Youre not.  Just a bit woozy. Sam collapses onto his side. Gilly washes out Sams wounds with a wash cloth.  The next time you see something like that you leave it alone.  I will not. They wouldve I dont know what they would have done  I know they would have killed you if Ghost hadnt come.  No. They were tiring out. I had them in the palm of my hand.  Dont be stupid Sam, youre not a fighter.  What kind of man would I be if I ran away when I saw someone hurting you?  Just promise me that whatever happens youll take care of little Sam.  Of course I will. And Ill take care of you, too.  I need more water. She gets up. Sam grabs her arm.  Stay. Please. Gilly gets on top of Sam and starts kissing him. She gets back up, and puts her hands around his neck and starts kissing him again.  Am I hurting you? He shakes his head no.  Are you sure? Sam nods yes. She pulls his pants down, pulls her dress up, and starts riding him.  Oh. Oh my. The slaves are carried up to the auction stage. One of Malkos men whips Tyrion.  A rare find for the fighting pits, my friends. Not your usual street tough old drunken pirate. This ones a Westerosi knight from an ancient house, trained in sword and lance. he fought beside the Stag King Robert on the far side of the Narrow Sea. He was first from the breach during the siege of Pyke, slaughtering 50 men with his flaming sword. He killed the great Khal Drogo in single combat. Betrayed by his woman, he sold himself into slavery to repay his debts. Bidding begins at 12 gold honors. A hand goes up.  13. Do I have 14? A hand goes up.  15? 15 golds honors. Do I have 16? A man in the front who has been studying Jorah intently raises his hand.  20.  Sold! Jorah is taken away.  Wait! You have to buy me as well.  Why?  Were a team. Im a great fighter, too. The crowd laughs.  Hes funny. You have to give him that. The man holding Tyrions chains laughs at him. Tyrion yanks his chains, pulling the man to the ground, and starts beating on him with the chains as the crowd roars. Tyrion kicks him in the head then looks to the buyer.  Alright. Hes funny. He hands Malko coins.  Thank you my Lord. Thank you.  Yes.  My Lord, if I may. Ive heard Mereens become a free city. You might run into trouble if you try to fight slaves in the fighting pits. Now if you were to fight free men who were paid a wage The buyer hits Tyrion in the mouth then tosses him a few coins.  Heres your wages, funny man. Itll last the rest of your life.  How long before the king of Mereen comes to claim my pillow?  Dont be ridiculous. My marriage to Hizdahr is political. I think hes smart enough to understand that.  I think the Sons of the Harpy have stopped killing because their leader was made king.  Are you jealous?  Do you think Im petty enough to speak ill of a man just because he represents competition?  I do. Daario laughs.  Youre right. My motivations are entirely impure. They start kissing.  Doesnt make me wrong.  You told me yourself, I cant fight enemies within and without. So when enemies from without come knocking, I need the city of Mereen behind me. I have no choice.  Everyone has a choice. Even slaves have a choice. Death or slavery.  So what else can I do?  Marry me instead.  Even if I wanted to do such an inadviseable thing, I couldnt.  Why not? Youre our queen, you can do as you like.  No. I cant  Then you are the only person in Mereen whos not free. Daenerys sits up in bed.  I know Im here to serve my queen and not to give advice, but can I make one more suggestion?  Of course  On the day of the Great Games, gather all the great masters, and wise masters, and worthy masters you can find, and slaughter them all.  I am a queen. Not a butcher.  All rulers are either butchers or meat.  You there! Where would I find the High Septon, or High Sparrow, or whatever bloody fool name hes got.  Its not as good a name as Queen of Thorns, Ill admit.  You should have the decency to stand when you talk to a lady.  You should have the decency to kneel before the gods  Dont spar with me little fellow. The High Septon gets up.  For me, its the knees. You?  Hips.  Huh.  A man of the people, is that your game? Its an old game. dull and unconvincing. A man of the people who does Cerseis dirty work for her.  The people always do the dirty work.  Spare me the homilies, I can smell a fraud from a mile away.  A useful talent.  Im here for my grandson and granddaughter.  Your grandson and granddaughter swore sacred vows and lied. The Father judges us all. Sons of high lords, sons of fishermen. If you break his laws you will be punished. The High Sparrow heads for the door.  Dont you walk away from me.  You dont give commands here, Lady Olenna.  What is it you want? Gold? Ill make you the richest septon who ever lived. The High Sparrow laughs.  What then?  I imagine this is strange for you. Everyone you meet has a hidden motive, and you pride yourself on slitting in and out. But Im telling you a simple truth: I serve the gods. The gods demand justice.  How do they communicate their demands? By raven or horse?  By the holy text. The seven pointed star. If you dont have one in your library Ill give you my own.  Ive read the seven pointed star.  Then youll remember the passages concerning buggery and perjury. Your grandchildren will be punished in the same manner as anyone who breaks the sacred laws.  Half the men, women, and children in this foul city break the sacred laws. You live among murderers, thieves, and rapists. And yet you punish Loras for shagging and Margaery for defending her brother?  Yes. The Gods laws must be applied to all equally.  If its equality you want then so be it. When House Tyrell stops sending our crops to the capital, everyone here will starve. And Ill make sure the hungry know who to blame,  Have you ever served the field, Lady Olenna? Have you ever reaped the grain? Has anyone in House Tyrell? A lifetime of wealth and power has left you blind in one eye. You are the few. We are the many. And when the many stop fearing the few He walks out of the room.  Lady Olenna. He hands her a letter with Baelish's mockingbird sigil.  Starving yourself won't make things any better for her, my love.  Shes in a prison cell and theres nothing I can do. I am the king! The queen is in prison and theres nothing I can do! Tommen walks to the window. Cersei joins him.  No matter who you are, no matter how strong you are, sooner or later, you'll face circumstances beyond your control. Events you couldn't possibly have anticipated or prevented even if you had. You cannot blame yourself for fate. Your father, your brother, your grandfather-- I was Queen of the Seven Kingdoms and what could I do? Hold them as they left this world. Kissed their heads after they'd gone.  Ill call in the army. Ill take back the sept and kill every last one of them. Ill start a war if I have to.  You know as well as I do who the first casualty in that war would be.  I love her. I love her. I cant help her.  We must be strong for those we love. We cannot give in to despair.  I will speak to the high sparrow. There must be something--  Let me speak to him on your behalf. The king cannot dirty sully himself negotiating with an unwashed fanatic.  Your happiness is all I want in this world  I know.  No you dont. You cant possibly. Not until you have children of your own. I would do anything for you. Anything to keep you from harm. I would burn cities to the ground. That is all that matters. You and your sister. From the moment you came into this world, my boy. My only boy. Cersei embraces him and starts crying. Jaime is being kept in a closely monitored room.  Prince Doran hopes this satisfies your concerns about the princesss wellbeing. Areo brings Myrcella into the room.  You looked different when I left. You had more hair.  And more hands. Hows Trystane?  Hell be alright.  Im sorry for that. It wasnt supposed to happen that way.  Why is it happening at all?  Your mothers worried about you. Threats have been made. Dorne is too dangerous for you. Ive come to take you home.  This is my home, this has been my home for years. I didnt want to come here but she told me to. I did what she said, I did my duty and now shes forcing me to go back?  It's for your own good. These are complicated matters.  Its not complicated at all, its simple. I love Trystane, Im going to marry him, and were staying right here.  I dont understand.  Of course you dont! You dont know me! Myrcella leaves the room.  Brothers oh brothers, my days here are done, the Dornishmans taken my life. Bur what does it matter, for all men must die, and Ive tasted the Dornishmans wife! Yes Ive tasted the Dornishmans wife! In the adjacent cell to Bronn, Tyene claps as the other Snakes glare at her.  Hes got a good voice.  Were lucky hes a singer. If he were a fighter we might have been in trouble.  Its against my code to hurt a woman.  Its amazing how many men we beat seem to have this code.  I wouldnt say you beat me.  Hows your arm?  Wonderful. Wouldnt feel right to leave Dorne without a new scar.  You think youre leaving Dorne?  No great hurry. Dornish women are the most beautiful women in the world.  Thank you.  I said Dornish women. I didnt say you.  Im not the most beautiful woman youve ever seen?  Ive seen quite a few women in all the Seven Kingdoms.  Name one more beautiful than I am.  Well now, in Kings Landing there was an absolutely gorgeous... Tyene takes one of her breasts out of her tunic.  There was a what? In Kings Landing you were saying.  Was I?  There was a woman more beautiful than I am. Tyene takes both her breasts out.  Was there? My memorys not what it was earlier.  Hows your arm now?  You seem concerned with it. You must really like me. Tyene undoes the rest of her tunic.  And how about your head?  My head You dont even wanna know whats going on in As Bronn scans her naked body, his vision starts to blur and he collapses to the ground.  Your nose is bleeding.  Its nothing. Its the dry air.  My dagger was coated with a special ointment from Asshei. They call it the Long Farewell. It takes time to work, but if a single drop makes contact with the skin, death. She holds a tiny blue cap up to Bronn from her cell.  The only antidote. Whos the most beautiful woman in the world? Bronn gasps for breath.  Sorry? Who?  You.  Dont drop it. Tyene tosses it into his cell and Bronn downs it.  I think youre very handsome as well. Littlefinger peers at the Great Sept of Baelor through the window. The brothel is destroyed, with many seven-pointed stars scribbled on the floor, walls, and artwork.  Im sorry about the locale.  No youre not.  It felt like the safest place.  Not for your clientele, clearly.  It was an establishment like no other. The sheer range of appetites catered to, desires that didnt exist until we invented them.  Youve always been rather impressed with yourself, havent you?  The past is the past. The future is all thats worth discussing. The future of House Tyrell.  Dont pretend to have any concern for my house, my grandchildren, or me. I should have known youd return to the capital once things started going wrong.  I promise you..  I promise you, Lord Baelish, that our fates are joined. Together we murdered a king. And if my house should fall, I would have nothing to hide. And if i should meet with some accident here at this broken little flesh market, theyll never even find whats left of you. So do you deny a part in all of this?  Cersei summoned me to Kings Landing. I dared not refuse her.  And what did she want?  A piece of info that she know that I had. Neither silence nor lies were an option. But I have other information of which she is unaware. And as you say, our interests are aligned. I have a gift for you.  What kind of gift?  The same kind I gave Cersei. A handsome young man. Gladiators prepare their swords and armor.  Many worthy fighters have died trying to make it to the Great Games. When most of you worthless scum join them in death this afternoon it will represent a significant rise in your station. But if you happen to triumph here you will fight at the great pit of Daznak itself in front of the queen. So whatever happens, the gods have smiled upon you today. Today is the day your lives actually start to mean something. Close-up on Jorah.  You and you, you, you two, you, you, and you. Jorah is not one of the gladiators selected.  Valar morghulis.  Valar dohaeris.  Prepare yourselves.  Sitting through the great games will be bad enough.  For generations, in the days leading up to the great games, it has been customary for our ruler to make the rounds to the lower pits to pay the fighters there the honor of her presence. The fighters enter the pit.  Move yourselves! The slave owner sees Daenerys and runs in front of her and Hizdahr.  Your Grace. Your Future Grace. You honor us all. The owner gets all his gladiators to face Dany, whispering instructions to them.  We fight and die for your glory, O glorious queen.  We fight and die for your glory, O glorious queen. The fight begins Jorah hears O glorious queen and runs to the edge of the pit. He sees Daenerys through the grated entrance to the ring. One bald gladiator dominates the pit. He slits one fighters throat, and slices another fighters leg as he runs away.  I think Ive seen enough.  Your Grace, its a tradition for the queen to stay until the victor has emerged.  Ive sacrificed more than enough for your traditions. Jorah straps a helmet on.  What are you doing? Jorah rushes the pit. His owner tries to stop him but he knocks him out with the butt of his sword. Jorah takes out the bald man as he was smashing a mans head in with a rock. Daenerys takes notice of the fighter but cant see his face. The other gladiators that werent chosen to fight follow Jorahs lead and enter the ring. Tyrion tries but is chained up. He starts sawing at his chain. Jorah melees a fighter with a shield, then knocks another out with his own helmet. A giant man sees Tyrion sawing at his chains. He raises a giant sword above Tyrions head, but comes down on the chain, freeing Tyrion. Tyrion nods in thanks. Daenerys is watching intently now. Jorah is the last man standing. He walks up to Daenerys and Hizdahr and removes his helmet. She stares at him for a moment.  Get him out of my sight. Her men grab Jorah.  Khaleesi, please, I just need a moment of your time. I brought you a gift.  Its true. He has. Tyrion enters the pit.  Who are you?  I am the gift. Its a pleasure to meet you, Your Grace. My name is Tyrion Lannister. Cut to Dany in shock and deep thought after hearing his name. Cersei enters Margaerys cell.  This is horrible. Unacceptable. Are they feeding you enough at least? I brought you this. Venison. Its quite good. I had it myself for supper only last night. We did everything we could from the moment they took your brother. Tommen even went to the sept himself to confront the high sparrow, but I fear The Faith has left reason behind.  I know you did this.  We are making every effort on your behalf. I swear to you by all the seven gods.  Lies come easily to you. Everyone knows that. But innocence, decency, concern? Youre not very good at those, Im afraid. Perhaps thats why your son was so eager to cast you aside for me.  Youre upset. Youre not thinking clearly. Ill visit again when youve had a chance to calm down.  I dont want to see you again.  I do hope you change your mind about that. Ive been told men often go mad in the Black Cells below the Red Keep, but I suppose your isolation will end once your trial begins.  Leave.  Yes, Im afraid I must. My son needs me now more than ever. Margaery throws the medicine at Cersei.  Get out you hateful bitch!  Sleep well, sister. Cersei walks out smiling. She is taken to High Septons room by a Sparrow.  Thank you. (to Cersei) You saw her?  Yes.  And?  Her accommodations seem sufficient. What happens to her now?  Well she and her brother are both being held under fair suspicion. A trial will be held for each of them to determine if they are guilty of any acts that might constitute a violation of the tenants of the faith.  Who will stand judge?  Seven septons. As it was in all trials before the Targaryens.  Will you be one of them?  I will.  If one or both of them were to confess before the trial  Then they will be at The Mothers mercy.  What does The Mothers mercy entail?  It depends on the situation. The acts themselves, the degree of contrition.  Thank you High Septon for bringing them whatever justice they deserve in the eyes of the Seven.  Did you know this chapel is one of the oldest structures in Kings Landing?  I think I may have heard at one point.  Baelor built his sept around it. But men worshipped here long before him. The High Septon gestures to a stone altar with seven-pointed stars engraved into it.  Who carved this altar do you know?  Im afraid i dont.  No one does. Theres no name on it. Or anywhere else in the chapel. The people who built this place didnt inflict their vanity on the people who came after them. The way Baelor did with that great gilded monstrosity out there. Their faith was clean. Strip away the gold and the ornaments, knock down the statues and the pillars, and this is what remains. Something simple, solid, and true. The Tyrells finery will be stripped away. Their lives knocked down, their true hearts laid bare for all to see. And so it will be for all of us, high and low alike. What will we find when we strip away your finery? The High Septon stares intently at Cersei.  A young man came to us not long ago, broken in body and spirit. He had so much to strip away, so much weighing him down. But piece by piece he unburdened himself. Let go of vanity, pride, sin, now his soul is so light he will float through the Seven Heaves like a bird. Cersei gives a faint laugh.  And he has much to say about you. Lancell enters the room and stands next to the High Septon. Cersei goes for the door and is blocked.  Move. Let me go immediately. Cersei is grabbed and carried away from the room.  You will order her to let me go! I am the queen! I am the queen! Have you lost your mind? Let me go! You filthy I am the queen! Let me go! Cersei is thrown into the cell. She looks up at the people who put her there.  Look at me. Look at my face. Its the last thing youll see before you die. The door slams closed and is bolted shut. Arya cleans, washes, and covers three different bodies. Two Faceless Men come in to carry the body away. Arya tries to follow them but the waif closes and locks the door.  What are they doing with the bodies?  Get back to work.  No! Ive been here for weeks. Im not scrubbing one more corpse until you tell me why Im doing it.  You will know why.  When?  When its time. Not before. Get back to work.  When do I get to play the game?  Game?  The game. The game of faces.  You tried already. You failed.  I didnt even know I was playing.  Who are you?  No one.  Get back to work.  Well who are you? What are you doing here? Howd you get here?  Im from Westeros. Just like you. Daughter of a Lord. Just like you. Except I was an only child. Heir to his fortune. My mother died. My father remarried and his new wife gave birth to a girl. My stepmother didnt want any rivals for her precious daughter so she tried to kill me with poison. I found out, sought help from the Faceless Men and my father was widowed again. Ive been serving them ever since. beat  Was that true or a lie?  What?  Did you believe every word I said? Arya is unsure.  Get back to work. Arya is asleep.  Who are you? Arya wakes up and turns to him.  Who are you?  Arya.  And where did you come from?  Westeros. My family home is Winterfell. Im the youngest daughter of a great lord. Eddard Stark. He died in battle. Jaqen hits Arya with a stick.  A lie.  After he was executed I fled the capital. Had to kill a stable boy. Drove my sword through his back. Jaqen hits her again.  A lie.  I stabbed him in the gut. I tried to find my mother and brother. I never did. They were murdered by Walder Frey. An outlaw kidnapped me. A man called Polliver. Jaqen hits her.  A lie.  A man called the Hound. Sandor Clegane. He tried to sell me but was wounded in a fight. He begged me to kill him but I wouldnt. I left him in the mountains to die. I wanted him to suffer, I hated him. Jaqen hits her.  I hated him. Jaqen hits her.  I hated him! Jaqen hits her again.  Thats not a lie!  The girl lies. To me. To the Many Faced God. To herself. Does she truly want to be no one?  Yes. Jaqen hits her. Arya starts bleeding from the mouth.  Im not playing this stupid game anymore!  We never stop playing. Jaqen exits the room. Jorah inspects the Grey Scale then covers it up.  So, those villages we were supposed to find. We cant live on berries and roots.  I can.  Youre not hungry?  Of course Im hungry.  Youre an awful travelling companion, do you know that? Possibly the least charming man I have ever met.  I am not your travelling companion.  We are travelling together. In each others company. Therefore  Do you ever shut up?  I sailed from Kings Landing to Pentos in a crate. Without ever saying a word. Jorah sits down next to Tyrion.  Why?  Never occurred to you to ask why until now? You never wondered why Tyrion Lannister decided to visit a brothel in Volantis.  Im sure youve visited many brothels in many cities.  I killed my father. He wanted to execute me for a crime I didnt commit. And he was fucking the woman I loved. Jorah gets up.  As miserable as you are, Mormont, at least your father was a good man.  What do you know about my father?  I met him. I visited the Wall. When I asked him about his men he knew all the stories, every one of them. He actually cared about the people in his command. How did they put it in the Watch? We shall never see his like again. Jorah looks stunned.  You didnt know. Im sorry. I am.  How?  I only know what I heard  How?  He was leading an expedition beyond the wall. There was a mutiny. He was murdered by his own men.  We better keep moving. He gets up and walks away, then Tyrion. Arya is scrubbing the floor. A man carries a young girl in and sets her by the pool. He walks over to Arya and she stops scrubbing.  Valar morghulis.  Valar dohaeris.  I have nowhere else to go. Ive taken her to every healer in Braavos. Ive spent every penny I had. She suffers every day of her life. I just want it to end. Arya looks the man in the eyes then walks over to the girl.  It hurts.  I know. Dont be afraid. I used to be like you. I was sick. I was dying. But my father never gave up on me. He loved me. More than anything in the world, just like your father loves you. So he brought me here. My father prayed to the many faced god. And I drank the water from this fountain. It healed me. Arya fills a cup with the water.  Ive devoted my life to him now. You dont want to hurt anymore. Drink. The girl takes a sip. Jaqen watches from afar. Arya fixes the dead girls hair. Jaqen walks in from the door Arya was trying to open earlier and leads her in. Arya follows him down a staircase lit by fire. Arya looks up and sees the room is filled with columns containing the faces of the dead. She walks through the room, examining the faces.  Is the girl ready to give up her ears, her nose, her tongue, her hopes and dreams, her loves and hates, all that makes a girl who she is, forever? Arya scans through the faces then fixates on one face in particular - that of an old lady.  No. The girl is not ready to become no one. But she is ready to become someone else.  Why Daenerys? Why is she worth all this? As I recall, the Mormonts fought against the Targaryens during Roberts Rebellion.  Do you believe in anything?  I believe in many things.  In something greater than ourselves, I mean. The Gods. Destiny. Do you believe there's a plan for this world?  No.  Neither did I. I was a cynic, just like you. Then I saw a girl step into a great fire with three stone eggs. When the fire burned out I thought Id find her blackened bones. Instead I found her. Daenerys. Alive and unhurt. Holding her baby dragons. Have you ever heard baby dragons singing?  No.  It's hard to be a cynic after that.  Doesnt mean shes going to be a great queen.  No it doesnt.  The Targaryens are famously insane. What if she conquers the world? Then what? 1,000 years of peace and prosperity?  First we have to conquer the world.  We? Alright, lets assume your dreams come true. Shes ecstatic when you bring her this enemy dwarf. She hacks off my head and restores your position. You command her army, sail to Westeros, defeat all your enemies, then watch as she climbs those steps and sits on the Iron Throne. Hurrah, long live the Queen. Then what?  Then she rules.  So a woman who has not spent a single day of her adult life in Westeros becomes the ruler of Westeros? Thats justice?  She is the rightful heir.  Why, because her father who burned living men for amusement was the king? Jorah sees a ship anchored in the middle of the sea and pushes Tyrion behind a rock.  Shh! Its a slave ship  Why is it anchored?  They probably came ashore for--  --water. Malko and his men, all carrying swords, surround Tyrion and Jorah, smiling. SAME PLACE - LATER Tyrion and Jorahs hands are tied. Malko punches Jorah in the face. He gets up.  Got a lot of fight in you, huh? Malko punches Jorah again.  Salt mines.  That or a galley slave. He looks strong enough.  What about the dwarf?  Worthless. Cut his throat. The slavers man approaches Tyrion.  Wait, wait! Wait, wait, wait, lets discuss this!  And then chop off his cock. We can sell it for a fortune. A dwarfs cock has magic powers. The slaver puts his sword to Tyrions throat.  Wait, wait, wait, wait! You cant just hand a dried cock to a merchant and expect him to pay for it. He has to know it came from a dwarf. And how could he know unless he sees the dwarf?  It will be a dwarf-sized cock.  Guess again. Tyrion looks to Malko.  The dwarf lives until we find a cock merchant. The slavers get Jorah and Tyrion to their feet.  Queen Daenerys has outlawed slavery.  Were bound to Volantis, not Slavers Bay. Besides, she reopened the fighting pits. I never heard of free men fighting in the pits.  The fighting puts in Mereen! Youre in luck then, youre about to be rich. You are looking at one of the great warriors in the seven kingdoms. Malko looks at Tyrion and laughs.  (looks at Jorah) Him.  Him? Hes got to be 60 years old.  Sure, hes a bit long in the tooth, a bit withered, been in the sun too long. We can all see that. But he is a veteran of 100 battles. They wrote songs about him! Malko gestures to his men to bring Jorah closer.  Is that true? Jorah nods.  He won the tournament at Lannisport, unseating Ser Jaime Lannister himself. Malko shakes his head and laughs.  The Kingslayer!  Jousting. Youre talking about jousting. A fancy game for fancy lads. The men who fight at Mereen will swallow him whole.  I killed a Dothraki blood rider in single combat. Malko jumps up, shocked, and gets in Jorahs face.  Liar.  Its no lie. His name was Qotho. He was bloodrider to Khal Drogo. Take me to Slavers Bay, put a sword in my hand, Ill prove my worth. Malko looks in his eyes, smiles, then nods. Littlefinger walks by the Faith Militant.  Lord Baelish.  Yes? (Lancel approaches him) Lancel Lannister.  Brother Lancel. We abandoned our family names.  Thats quite a family to abandon.  The city has changed since you were here last. We flooded the gutters with wine, smashed the false idols, and sent the godless on the run.  Well done. He tries to walk past Lancel. Lancel puts his hand on Baelishs shoulder and stops him.  Im here on urgent business for the Queen Mother. Should I send word that Ill be delayed? Lancel lets go.  Step carefully, Lord Baelish. Youll find that theres little tolerance for flesh peddlers in the new Kings Landing.  We both peddle fantasies, Brother Lancel. Mine just happen to be entertaining.  Do you think its wise, your Grace, arresting the heir to Highgarden?  The Faith arrested the heir to Highgarden.  Of course. And the Faith were armed on your orders.  The Kings orders. Is the King to blame for Ser Loras perversion?  House Tyrell wont tolerate these insults.  House Tyrell wont tolerate it? Im the insulted party, Lord Baelish. Ser Loras was promised to me, instead he chose the company of boys.  Ones choice of companion is a curious thing. Cersei is silent for a moment.  Most curious. Lysa Arryn for instance. A sorrily repellent woman. Forgive me. I know youre still in mourning.  Lysa was a good woman. A kind woman.  She was neither of those things, we both know it. Still, I pity her son. How fortunate that the young Lord of the Vale has a new father to counsel him.  I know how hard it can be to lose both of your parents at such a young age.  If war comes to Westeros will the Knights of the Veil fight for their king?  Young Lord Robyn heeds my advice. And I have always counseled loyalty to the throne.  Good. (Cersei gets up) If theres nothing else.  There is another matter, your Grace. Something so urgent I couldnt trust the words to a raven. You once charged me with finding Arya Stark. To my shame I failed you. But I have found Sansa Stark. Alive, and well, and home again. In Winterfell.  Thats not possible.  My sources are well placed. They tell me Roose Bolton plans to marry her to his son, Ramsay, a bastard recently legitimized by King Tommen.  Roose Bolton is Warden of the North by the grace of my father.  Indeed. As reward for stabbing his own king in the heart.  We were fools to trust a turncloak.  Marrying his son to the last of the Starks gives him more legitimacy in the North than an alliance with a hated southern house.  I will skin him and his bastard like that wretch on that bloody sigil.  I would counsel patience, your grace.  Patience? Sansa helped murder my son, Roose Bolton is a traitor.  Stannis Baratheon is also a traitor, marching with his army on Winterfell. Let Stannis and Roose battle, let the enemies of the throne slaughter each other and when theyre done seize Winterfell from whichever thief survives.  Winterfell is 1,000 miles away from here. The weather has already begun to turn.  That is why it is critical to strike soon, while the victor still licks his wounds. Surely your Uncle Kevan could muster a force.  My Uncle Kevan has all the courage of a kitchen mouse.  Ser Jaime, then.  Jaime is away on a sensitive diplomatic mission. Ive no idea when hell be back.  Perhaps I can help. The Knights of the Vale are some of the best fighters in Westeros, trained to battle in the ice and the snow.  Forgive me Lord Baelish, you have a reputation as a money lender and brothel keeper, not a military man.  You wouldnt risk a single Lannister soldier or a single coin from the Royal Treasury. What do you have to lose, a brothel keeper?  And if you succeed?  Name me Warden of the North.  Ill speak to the king this evening. Have him issue a royal decree.  Ill not rest until the lion flies over Winterfell.  And Ill l know youre a man of your word when I see Sansa Starks head on a spike.  As I said. I live to serve. Trystane puts a flower in Myrcellas hair.  Im going to ask him tomorrow.  What if he says no?  He wont. Youve waited long enough. I want you to be my wife now. What is it?  Do you want to marry me because our families arranged it, or do you Trystane kisses her in the middle of the sentence. Myrcella pushes him off.  We cant. Not yet.  Why not?  You know why not. Someone will see.  You are going to be my wife. I am going to be your husband. We are allowed to walk through the gardens together.  How many other girls have you walked through these gardens?  I like the way your eyes go squinty when youre jealous.  They dont go squinty, and you didnt answer the question. Cut to Doran and Areo on the balcony.  They make a lovely couple. A Lannister and a Martell. They have no idea how dangerous that is. We must protect them.  Yes, my prince.  You have not had to use that axe of yours in a very long time. I hope you remember how.  I remember how.  The Dornishmans wife was as fair as the sun and her kisses were warmer than spring. The Dornishmans blade it was made of black steel and its kiss was a terrible thing. The Dornishmans wife would sing as she bathed in a voice that was sweet as a peach...  Alright, thats enough.  Im coming to the best part.  Were trying to blend in. We dont want everyone in Dorne to hear your accent.  This song really is all about the ending.  It can wait. Up there. He spots a line of Dornishmen walking towards the Water Gardens.  Thats the Water Gardens.  Once we got the princess, then what?  I like to improvise.  That explains the golden hand. Jaime and Bronn ride in behind common folk carrying meat and other goods. They break off from the pack.  Unbowed, unbent, unbroken. For Oberyn.  For Oberyn. They storm towards the Water Gardens as Ellaria watches. Jamie and Bronn converge on Myrcella and Trystane as the Sand Snakes approach. They see the two kissing.  Well, shes made herself at home. They walk over.  Myrcella. They stop kissing.  Uncle Jaime? I dont understand, what are you doing here?  Lets speak in private.  I am Trystane Martell.  Trystane is my intended.  Excellent. Good to meet you. Jaime shakes hands with Trystane with his good hand.  We werent expecting you, Ser Jaime. Bronn advances.  Why dont you let them have some time alone, son? Trystane inspects Bronns armor, looking for a sigil.  Lets not do something stupid. Trystane reaches for his sword and Bronn punches him across the face, knocking him out.  No!  That was something stupid.  We have to go, Myrcella, now.  You hurt him!  Youll be fine, I promise, but we have to-- A whip wraps around Jaimes wrist. The Sand Snakes are here.  Oh for fucks sake. The Sand Snakes attack Jaime and Bronn, one wielding a spear, one wielding a whip, and one wielding a pair of daggers. They occupy Bronn and Jaime long enough for Obara to get to Myrcella.  Youre coming with me.  I dont want to!  I wasnt asking, princess. Obara starts taking Myrcella out of the gardens. A Sand Snake cuts Bronns arm open. Areo and his men meet Obara as she escapes.  Drop you weapons! The rest of Areos men surround the Sand Snakes, Bronn, and Jaime.  I am Obara Sand. Daughter of Oberyn Martell. I fight for Dorne. Who do you fight for?  Drop your weapons! The Snakes drop their weapons. Jaime stares down Areo, sword still in hand. Areo puts his axe to Jaimes neck.  When you were whole, it would have been a good fight. Jaime drops the sword, Areos men grab him. Bronn drops his sword.  You fight pretty good for a little girl. She screams at Bronn and is restrained by Areos men. They are all escorted away. The rest of Areos men corner Elaria in the room outside the Gardens. A carriage rides on the outskirts of Kings Landing.  Halt! Cut to inside the carriage.  Oh! You can smell the shit from 5 miles away. Well, why are we stopped, go on.  Rumors and gossip, thats all they got. Its theater, nothing more. If they arrested all the pillow biters in Kings Landing thered be no room left in the dungeons for anyone else.  Everyone knew about him and Renly.  Renly Baratheon shagged half the stable boys in the Seven Kingdoms. Everyone knew. No one cared.  But he was the kings brother.  And Loras is the queens brother. No, no, no, no, this is unacceptable.  Cersei is behind this.  Of course she is. She wants to drag our names through the dirt. Put us in our place. Get some rest, dear, you look appalling. Let me deal with Cersei Lannister. Cersei writes at her desk without acknowledging Olenna.  Your Grace, I have travelled a long way.  You must be exhausted.  Put the pen down, dear, we all know you arent writing anything.  Ah, yes, the famously tart-tongued queen of thorns.  And the famous tart Queen Cersei.  Beg your pardon.  I know youre behind this absurd incarceration of my grandson.  If you apologize for that comment perhaps--  Youll get your apology when I get Loras.  I was as shocked as anyone when The Faith arrested Ser Loras. I have no love for these fanatics. But what can the queen mother do?  Has the crown suddenly stopped needing the troops, gold, and wheat my house supplies?  I assure you our alliance with House Tyrell remains--  Do you expect the alliance to continue after youve thrown our future into prison?  As I said, i didnt imprison anyone. As for your veiled threats--  What veil?  The Lannister-Tyrell alliance brought peace to a war-torn country. Do you really want to see the Seven Kingdoms slide back into warfare?  I didnt trust your father. I didnt particularly like him. But I respected him. He was no fool. He understood that sometimes we must work with our rivals rather than destroy them.  House Lannister has no rival. The High Septon has called for an inquest, not a trial. Just a small hearing to determine whether the charges against Loras have merit, which Im sure they dont. Loras will be freed, our happy alliance will continue, and well forget this unfortunate conversation ever happened. Good day, Lady Olenna.  You are aware of the rumors concerning you and Renly?  I dont pay attention to rumors.  You were said to be despondent when he died. Witnesses said that you refused to leave his bedside, even as Stannis army closed in  He was my friend. He was my king.  Wasnt Joffrey your king? He was anointed by the 7, not Renly.  I was wrong to support Renlys claim. I know that. But I was forgiven by Joffrey. I fought for him at the Battle of the Blackwater.  Wearing Renlys armor.  Why does it matter what I wore?  Do you deny all of the charges against you? Fornication, buggery, blasphemy.  Of course I deny them.  You never lay with Renly Baratheon.  Never.  Nor any other man.  Never.  That will be all Ser Loras. Loras walks back to his seat.  Well I think thats quite enough of that.  Faith calls Queen Margaery forward.  You call me forward?  Yes. We have some questions for you.  I am the queen.  You are. And according to Law of the Seven, neither kings nor queens are exempt from testimony at a holy inquest. Margaery walks to the stand.  How do you respond to these charges against your brother?  They are lies.  All of them?  All of them.  Queen Margaery, in the presence of the gods, do you swear that your brother is innocent of these charges against him, to the best of your knowledge?  Yes, I swear it.  Thank you, your grace. The Faith brings Olyvar in. Loras looks shocked. Cersei gives a thin smile.  Do you know this man?  Yes, very well. He is Ser Loras Tyrell, heir to Highgarden.  How did you come to meet?  I squired for him. He took a liking to me. He summoned me to his chamber the first day we met.  And what occurred in his chamber?  We engaged in intimate relations.  You laid with him?  That night and many others.  Liar! Hes a liar!  Is there anyone else who can support your claim?  Yes, yes, Queen Margaery. She walked in on us once not long ago. She didnt seem surprised.  This testimony is an insult to a great house. Why should The Faith or anyone else take the word of a squire over the heir to Highgarden?  He has a birthmark, your grace. Quite high on his thigh, wine-colored, and roughly the shape of Dorne. Loras jumps at Olyvar and The Faith restrains him. Margaery and Olenna get up to leave and The Faith blocks their way.  Liar!  What are you doing? Let us pass.  The Faith is satisfied that there is enough evidence to bring a formal trial for Ser Loras... and Queen Margaery.  What?  Bearing false witness before the gods is as grave a sin as any. Take her. The Faith grabs her and carries her out of the room.  Tommen! Tommen! King Tommen looks around the room, unsure of what to do.  You cant do this, I am the queen! Tommen, Tommen! I am your queen, how dare you! Olenna glares at Cersei. Cersei smiles back. Sansa looks at herself in the mirror. She hears a knock and opens the door. It's Myranda.  What do you want?  Lord Ramsay sent me to draw your bath, my lady. You want to be clean and fresh for your new husband dont you? Cut to Sansa in the bath. Myranda washes the black dye out of Sansas hair.  Youre so beautiful. But if you need to keep him happy. Ramsay gets bored easily. You dont want to end up like... Well, like the others.  What others?  I shouldnt gossip. Its good to see the red again. No point in hiding anymore.  What others?  Lets see. There was Kiera. The blacksmiths daughter. She was tall. Like you. Lovely figure. But she talked and talked and talked and Ramsay got tired of that. Then there was Violet. She had gorgeous blond hair. But she got pregnant and, well, that was boring. Then Tamsay. Such a sweet girl. Of course sweet girls get a bit dull after a while, dont they? Ramsay let me come with him on that hunt.  Hunt?  Mm. Have you ever seen a body after the dogs have been at it? Not so pretty. But its your wedding day, why am I talking about such things?  What was your name again?  Myranda.  And how long have you loved him, Myranda. Did you imagine that he would be with you forever, is that it? Then I came along and ruined it. I am Sansa Stark of Winterfell. This is my home and you cant frighten me.  Are you done with your bath, my lady?  Go. I can finish on my own. Snow falls outside. There is a knock on the door.  Yes? Theon enters.  Ive come to escort you to the Godswood, my lady. If you please, my lady, will you take my arm?  No.  Lord Ramsay, he said I'm to take your arm.  Im not touching you.  Please. Hell punish me.  Do you think I care what he does to you. Sansa leaves the room without Theon. Sansa walks to the Godswood with Theon. Ramsay is waiting alongside his father and with the Bolton men forming an aisle. Roose walks forward.  Who comes before the Old Gods this night?  Sansa of the House Stark comes here to be wed. A woman grown, trueborn and noble. She comes to beg the blessings of the gods. Who comes to claim her? Ramsay steps forward.  Ramsay of House Bolton. Heir to the Dreadfort and Winterfell. Who gives her?  Theon of House Greyjoy. Who was who was her fathers ward.  Lady Sansa, will you take this man? Long pause. Cut to Ramsay, Walda, and Myranda. Sansa steps forward.  I take this man. Ramsay smiles. Theon opens the door for Ramsay and Sansa.  Are you pleased my lady? Sansa nods.  Good. I want you to be happy. My father said youre still a virgin.  Yes.  Why? Why are you still a virgin? Afraid of dwarves?  Lord Tyrion was kind, he was gentle, he never touched me.  Youre not lying to me?  No, my lord.  Lying to your husband on his wedding night, that would be a very bad way to start a marriage. We are man and wife now, we should be honest with each other, dont you think?  Yes sir. Ramsay kisses her.  Good. Now take off your clothes. Theon starts to leave.  Oh, no no no. You stay here Reek. You watch. (to Sansa) Do I need to ask a second time? I hate asking a second time. Sansa starts to undo her coat. Theon closes the door.  Reek? I told you to watch. Theon looks up.  Youve known Sansa since she was a girl. Now watch her become a woman. Ramsay rips Sansas coat open and pushes her onto the bed. We hear clothes ripping. A belt being undone. Sansa starts moaning. Close up on Theon crying. A man hops out of his boat at night, and grabs a basket of fish. As he carries it on shore, Jorah knocks him out with a punch to the face. Looking around, he drags the man out of the water, and throws two coins on him. Jorah walks over to where he has Tyrion tied up. Tyrion is grunting, trying to cut the ropes binding him with a knife. Jorah picks up the knife and Tyrion. He throws Tyrion and his supplies into the boat, and then pushes it out to sea. Once it gains momentum, he hops in himself. A number of men walk around doing various tasks on deck. Jaime Lannister looks out from the side of the boat. He turns to the captain.  Is that Estermont?  Tarth, Ser Jaime. (Shot of an island). The Sapphire Isle. A knife hits a sandbag.  Why are we on a merchant ship? Why no Lannister sails?  This ship's sailing to Oldtown. We'll get off earlier, not far from Sunspear. Row ourselves to the Dornish shores in the night.  You ever been to Dorne?  No.  I have. The Dornish are crazy. All they want to do is fight and fuck. Fuck and fight.  You should be happy to go back. (Drinks some water).  (Gets up, walking to his knife). There's nothing like a good fight to get you in the mood for fucking. (Pulls out his knife from the sandbag). And there's nothing like a fuck-mad Dornish girl to clear your head for the next fight. It's how the two work together. And we're gonna do a lot of fighting, I am sure. Well, I am. But I don't imagine we'll get to stick around for the rest. Not after we've kidnapped their princess.  We are not kidnapping their princess. We are rescuing my niece, bringing her back to the family,  (Incredulously) Your niece? Jaime and Bronn have a stare-off. After a moment, Jaime looks away. Bronn drinks some water.  I've been doing this sort of thing a long time. I'm good at it. (Sits down).  That's why you're here.  I know. Why are you here? Why not send 40 of me, or an army? Unlike most folks, you actually got one.  Because I don't want to start a war.  That still doesn't explain why you're doing it.  It has to be me.  (Gets up starts walking). If I'm putting something of a lit together, a one-handed man, (Grabs some rope and walks back), who happens to be one of the most recognizable faces in Westeros, is not -  It has to be me.  (Sheaths his sword). You set your brother free, didn't you? I bet your sister didn't like that.  (Quietly) Varys set him free.  Well, if you ever see the little fucker, (Lays down), give him my regards.  He murdered my father. If I ever see him, I'll split him in two. And then I'll give him your regards. Cersei sits in her chair, looking angry. At the table is Maester Pycelle, Qyburn, Mace Tyrell, and an empty chair.  The Iron Bank has called one tenth of the Crown's debts. Given the expense of rebuilding the royal -  How much can the Crown afford?  With winter coming, half what they ask. Less.  You're the Master of Coin. How do we pay them?  Well, House Tyrell could front the gold, and the the Crown will pay us back in time, or I'll have words with my daughter. Mace smiles, as if expecting a laugh. Qyburn and Pycelle both look down. Maces smile fades. Cersei smiles.  You've already given us too much. (Gets up and walks to a window). No, we must arrange better terms with the Iron Bank.  Absolutely.  In person.  (After a moment, looks at her surprised). Me? (Qyburn smiles).  We must send an envoy to the Iron Bank, someone of importance, to show these bankers our respect. As the King's Master of Coin, I can think of no one more qualified.  I will be honored, Your Grace.  The King has expressed concern about his father-in-law's safety on this voyage. (Smiling). He's ordered Ser Meryn to personally lead your escort. Ser Meryn walks into the room. Mace turns to look at him, and then back at Cersei.  My very own Kingsguard? Please express -  Safe travels, Lord Tyrell.  (Raises his hands). Of course, of course, (Gathers his belongings, and then gets up). I'll give your regards to the Titan of Braavos. Mace laughs. Qyburn looks down, lightly chuckling. Mace exits, followed by Ser Meryn.  The Small Council grows smaller and smaller.  (Walking out). Not small enough. Pycelle watches her leave. A note lies on the desk, stamped with the seal of the High Sparrow. The High Sparrow sits behind his desk, across from Cersei. She pours a glass of wine.  May I offer you some wine, Your Holiness?  No. (Smiles). Cersei looks unsure, presumably having expected him to say yes. After a moment she smiles and pushes the wine away.  The old High Septon would have asked the vintage. (Smiles).  I could say that our minds are temples to the Seven and should be kept pure. But the truth is, (Chuckles), I don't like the taste.  Hmm.  (After a moment). How may I serve?  All over Westeros we hear about septs being burned. Silent sisters raped. Bodies of holy men piled in the streets.  Wars teach people to obey the sword, not the Gods.  Perhaps the Gods need a sword of their own. (HS raises an eyebrow). In the days before the Targaryens, the Faith Militant dispensed the justice of the Seven.  Well, the Faith Militant was disarmed more than two centuries ago.  If I explain the holy purpose to my son, the king, I have no doubt he will sign a decree arming the believers you felt worthy.  An army that defends the bodies and souls of the common people.  An army and service to the Gods themselves. And to you, of course. As the chosen representative of the Seven.  An honor I never expected. Or indeed, ever wished for.  Which is why you were chosen. (HS smiles). You and I both know how the world works. Too often the wicked are the wealthiest, beyond the reach of justice. The king himself cannot always punish those who deserve it most.  All sinners are equal before the Gods.  (Smiles. Continues after a moment). What would you say if I told you we have a great sinner in our very midst? Shielded by gold and privilege.  May the Father judge him justly. (Smiles). A group of Faith Militant, wearing black robes and chains, walk down the street. Many nearby people chatter amongst themselves and look on. They begin breaking open casks of wine, and people begin screaming. One throws some men out of a building. Wine from the broken casks flows down some steps. We see a man in pain, sweating heavily and biting down on a piece of cloth. Someone begins carving something on his forehead, and his hand scratches and grabs at the table. Outside, the Faith Militant destroy a marketplace, smashing things for sale, flipping over tables, and attacking merchants. One merchant, laying on the ground, looks up at some gold cloaks on a castle wall.  Help me! Help me! The gold cloaks turn around, ignoring him. The man in the room continues to sweat and bite down on the cloth. His face trembles. The symbol continues being carved. A prostitute moans while having sex with a client. Some Faith Militant walk in and interrupt. She shrieks as one grabs her by the hair and pulls her off of the man. Another comes in grinning and strikes the man with a stick. The prostitute is forced out of the room. Some more men interrupt an orgy. Two women start screaming. They begin beating some of the participants, and taking others out of the room. Olyvar attempts to confront a member of the Faith Militant as the man drags out a prostitute.  (Angrily). This is Lord Petyr Baelish's establishment. The man elbows Olyvar in the face and continues on his way. After most of the Faiths Militant are gone, Olyvar hears a scream. He walks towards the source of the scream, blood running from his noise, and hears another scream.  Cocksucker! (Man screams). Boy fucker! You barbaric filth! There's a special place in the Seventh Hell for your kind. Olyvar stands just outside the doorway of a large room. Inside, a group of militants, most of them armed, stand around a male prostitute and his male client. Both are naked and bloody on the floor.  Please, please, I'll pay! I'll pay all of you.  (Pulls out a knife). Yes, you will! Seize him. The client begins crying. Olyvar backs out of the doorway and begins running away. The client screams. Someone finishes carving the symbol on the mans head. The carver walks away and the man, revealed to be Lancel Lannister, sits up, breathing heavily. The symbol on his forehead is the symbol of the Faith Militant. A number of Faiths Militant, all armed, walk down a stairwell. They enter a clearing, where Loras Tyrell is sparring with another man. Some people are spectating. The militants, including Lancel, approach the fight. Loras, having knocked the other man to the ground, removes his helmet. He hands his sword to another man, who hands Loras a drink. He suddenly becomes aware of the presence of the militants.  Seize him. The militants grab Loras.  Get your hands off of me.  Ser Loras of House Tyrell, you have broken the laws of Gods and men.  Who do you think you are?  Justice. (Loras grunts and struggles). Margaery walks down a hallway. She pushes a set of doors open, enters Tommens chambers, and angrily puts her hands on a table. Tommen is eating, and looks up at her, surprised.  Why is my brother in a cell?  I, I don't know. I, I didn't order it.  We both know who did. (Walks away). You told me she was returning to Casterly Rock.  (Standing up). Are you saying my mother is behind this?  She's jealous you're not hers anymore. Arresting my brother is her revenge.  Aren't you and mother getting along?  (Scoffs). Oh, my sweet, sweet King. (Sits down). Do you have any affection for me at all?  (Takes her hand). Of course I do. You're my Queen.  I can't bear to think of my brother locked away in some grimy cell.  I'll set him free for you.  Do you promise? Tommen walks into Cerseis chambers. Cersei is staring out of a window and drinking wine.  I demand that Ser Loras be freed now!  (Turns around). Did I arrest him?  Well, no... But you armed the Faith Militant. You gave the High Sparrow an army.  I did. And your wife has every right to criticize. (Begins walking towards her desk). Can't allow fanatics to arrest the Queen's brother, no matter his perversions.  Then can I tell Margaery you'll have Ser Loras released?  I told you I am not holding Ser Loras. You're the King. I'm sure if you speak to the High Sparrow, he'll release the poor boy. A group of kingsguard lead Tommen to the Great Sept.  Halt! The party stops. Tommen gets out and goes to the steps of the Sept on foot, followed by guards. A number of people are seen milling about around the base of the steps. Some Faith Militant stand guarding the steps. They block Tommen and his guards from walking up.  His Holiness is praying. He will not be disturbed.  Give the order and we'll tear out this rebel.  You mean, kill them? Here, in the sept?  You'll be sending them to meet the Gods that they love. The kingsguard and militants both adjust their stances, ready for a fight. A number of other people begin to watch. Some people begin yelling at Tommen.  Bastard!  You're an abomination!  You're born of sin!  Filthy bastard!  We'll find another way. Tommen begins walking away, followed by his guards.  Abomination! Tommen opens the doors to his chambers, finding it empty.  My Queen? Margaery enters from outside.  There was no way to free Ser Loras without violence.  You're the King of the Andals, the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, the Protector of the Realm. And you let a band of fanatics imprison your brother by law.  I'm going to speak to the High Sparrow.  Are you? When?  I--I don't know.  You don't know?  He was praying just now.  (Walking out). I have to send word to Grandmother.  Will you come back later? (Margaery stops).  I need to be with my family, Your Grace. (Continues walking).  Of course. Some Nights Watchmen spar in the courtyard. A number of others look on. Stannis and Selyse watch from some stairs.  You think highly of this boy.  (To some of the men sparring). Good.  Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.  A bastard by some tavern slut.  Perhaps, but that wasn't Ned Stark's way.  I should have given you a son.  Not your fault.  Whose then? (Looks at their daughter Shireen). I gave you nothing but weakness. (Turns back). And deformity. (Stannis shakes his head).  (Walking towards them). Those scars mean nothing to the Lord of Light.  My Lady.  Her father is the Lord's chosen King. And her father's blood runs through her veins. Melisandre and Selyse stare at each other. After a moment, Selyse walks away.  You march on Winterfell soon?  We must. To beat the snows.  Once before you put your faith in Ser Davos and left me behind. I hope you won't make that mistake again.  I won't. I need you.  You only need faith, my King.  (Walking away). And you, my Lady, what do you need?  To serve my Lord. Stannis turns back. They both watch Jon sparring. Jon sits at his desk. Sam hands him various letters to sign, one by one.  Lord Ashford. (Jon signs). Lady Caulfield. (Jon signs). Lord Smallwood.  Never even heard of these people.  They haven't heard of you either. (Jon signs). But we need men and they have some.  And how many men does this Lord Mazin have to send us?  (Chuckles, looking at the next letter). More than Lord Wibberley. Sams face grows dark after reading the next letter. When Jon finishes signing the letter to Lord Wibberley, Sam hands it to him, saying nothing. Jon begins signing, but hesitates.  Not him.  I know, I'm sorry, but we need men and supplies. And Roose Bolton is the Warden of The North.  He murdered my brother.  We swore to be the Watchers on the Wall. We can't watch the Wall with 50 men. And we can't get more men without help from the Warden of the North. Jon hesitates another moment, and then relents and signs the letter. He leans his chair back, and Sam gathers up all of the signed letters. He walks away, almost bumping into Melisandre as she enters Jons chambers.  Apologies, my Lady. Sam and Melisandre both look at Jon. Jon nods at Sam, and he leaves. Melisandre closes the door behind him, and Jon straightens up his posture.  Lord Commander.  How can I help you?  Come with us when we ride south. (Walks forwards). None of us know the castle as well as you do. Its hidden tunnels, its weaknesses, its people. Winterfell was your home once. Don't you want to chase the rats out of it? (Turns to Jon).  Castle Black is my home now. Night's Watch takes no part in the wars of the Seven Kingdoms.  There's only one war. Life against death. Come. Let me show what you're fighting for. (Walks in front of Jon).  You're gonna show me some vision in the fire. Forgive me, my Lady. But I don't trust in visions.  No visions. No magic. Just life. She opens up her robes, naked underneath. She leans back, and takes Jons hand, slowly leading it up her body to cup her breast.  Do you feel my heart beating? This power in you, you resist it, and that's your mistake. Embrace it. Melisandre smiles and looks down at Jons hand. Jon looks too. Realizing that she is no longer holding it there, he quickly pulls it away. Melisandre caresses Jons face and sits on his lap.  The Lord of Light made us male and female. Two parts of a greater whole. We are joining this power. Power to make life, power to make light, and power to cast shadows.  I don't think Stannis would like that very much.  Then we shouldn't tell him. (Starts unbuttoning Jons coat).  I can't.  Why?  I swore a vow. (Melisandre looks at him incredulously). I loved another.  The dead don't need lovers. Only the living. Jon keeps her from unbuttoning his coat any further, breathing heavily.  I know. But I still love her. Melisandre stands up, closes her robes, and walks away. After opening the door to leave, she turns to Jon.  You know nothing, Jon Snow. Jons mouth opens a bit. She smirks and leaves. Stannis sits at his desk, reading something. Theres a knock at the door. After a moment, Shireen enters. Stannis looks up at her and then back down at his reading material. She closes the door. She smiles, but after Stannis doesnt return her smile, she walks over to a nearby dresser and begins playing with the objects on top of it.  Are you lonely?  (Turns around, holding something). Just bored.  My father used to tell me that boredom indicates a lack of inner resources.  (Looks up). Were you bored a lot, too?  I know Castle Black is no place for a child, but I -  I like it. (Walks to a table). I thought I'd be left at home. I know mother didn't want to bring me. (Picks up an X from the table).  Why do you say that?  She told me, "I don't want to bring you." Shireen fiddles with the objects in her hands. Stannis looks down.  She shouldn't have said that. Shireen puts down the objects she was playing with, and turns to leave. Before opening the door, she turns back to Stannis.  Are you ashamed of me, father? Stannis looks up surprised. He puts down what he was doing. Shireen looks down.  When you were an infant, (Stands up and walks around his desk), the Dornish trailer landed on Dragonstone. His goods were junk except for one wooden doll. He'd even sewn a dress on it in the colors of our House. No doubt he'd heard of your birth, and assumed new fathers were easy targets. I still remember how you smiled when I put that doll in your cradle, (Shireen smiles), and you pressed it to your cheek. (Looks down. Shireens smile drops). By the time we burnt the doll, it was too late. (Walks to the table and adjusts the objects on it). I was told you would die. Or worse, the grayscale would go slow. (Turns to her). Let you grow just enough to know the world before taking it away from you. Everyone advised me to send you to the ruins of Valyria to live out your short life with the Stone men, before the sickness spread to the castle. I told them all to go to hell. (Shireen smiles). I called in every maester on this side of the world. Every healer, every apothecary. They stopped the disease and saved your life. Because you did not belong across the world with the bloody Stone men. (Walks towards her). You are the Princess Shireen of House Baratheon. And you are my daughter. After a moment, Shireen hugs Stannis. At first hesitant, he hugs her back. Sansa lights a candle on a tomb. She then walks over to Lyannas tomb and places a candle in the hand of Lyannas statue. She then leans down to pick a dusty feather off of the ground. As she blows off the dust, a figure is seen approaching in the background.  I thought I might find you here. (Sansa turns to him). Your Aunt Lyanna.  Father never talked about her. Sometimes I'd find him down here, lighting the candles. They say she was beautiful.  I saw her once. I was a boy, living with your mother's family. Lord Whent had a great tourney at Harrenhal. Everyone was there. The Mad King, your father, Robert Baratheon. And Lyanna, she was already promised to Robert. You can imagine what it was like for me, a boy from nowhere, with nothing to his name, watching these legendary men, tilting at the lists. The last two riders were Barristan Selmy and Rhaegar Targaryen. When Rhaegar won, everyone cheered for the prince. I remember the girls laughing when he took off his helmet and they saw that silver hair. How handsome he was. Until he rode right past his wife, Elia Martell, and all the smiles died. I've never seen so many people so quiet. He rode past his wife, and he lay a crown of winter roses in Lyanna's lap. Blue as frost. How many tens of thousands had to die because Rhaegar chose your aunt?  Yes, he chose her and then he kidnapped her and raped her.  Come. (Takes her arm). Let's speak somewhere the dead can't hear us. (They begin walking away).  Dressed for riding?  I am.  Where are you going?  King's Landing.  King's Landing?  Cersei sent for me. (They stop). We must not let her sniff out any trouble.  You can't leave me here!  I know how hard it is to live with people you despise, believe me. But it won't be for long.  How do you know?  (They begin walking again). Stannis Baratheon garrisons at Castle Black. He'll march south to King's Landing before the winter snows block his way. But first, he has to take Winterfell.  You don't know that.  I do. Once he liberates these lands from the Boltons he'll rally your father's bannermen to his cause. With the North behind him, Stannis can finally take the Iron Throne.  You think he'll defeat the Boltons?  He has a larger army. He's the finest military commander in Westeros. A betting man would put his money on Stannis. (They stop). As it happens, I am a betting man.  And if you're right?  Stannis takes Winterfell, he rescues you from the most despised family in the North. Grateful for your late father's courageous support for his claim, he names you Wardeness of the North.  But I, I wouldn't Wardeness of the North  You are the last surviving Stark. He needs you.  What if you're wrong? What if Stannis never attacks Winterfell, or he does and the Boltons defeat him?  Then you will take this Bolton boy, Ramsay, and make him yours.  I don't know how to do that.  Of course you do. He's already fallen for you.  His father frightens me.  He should, he's a dangerous man. But even the most dangerous men can be outmaneuvered. And youve learnt to maneuver from the very best. (Puts a hand on her shoulder). I return before too long. (Puts a hand behind her head). You'll be strong without me. (She nods, and he kisses her). The North will be yours. Do you believe me?  I expect I'll be a married woman by the time you return. Baelish chuckles and pats her shoulder. He turns and leaves as Sansa watches him. At night, Bronn and Jaime sit in a boat. Bronn rows to shore alone. Looking across at Jaime, Jaime holds up his fake hand. Bronn begrudgingly goes back to rowing alone. After they get to shore, they carry their boat in, and hide it in some tall grass. They then both walk away. Jaime awakens to find Bronn standing over him with a knife. His eyes widens and he moves to the side as Bronn brings his knife down on a snake that was about to bite Jaime. Jaime looks at the snake and Bronn pulls his knife out of it.  Breakfast. Bronn and Jaime sit at a fire. Bronn cooks the snake while Jaime puts gloves on.  That would have been a shit way to die.  As far as I've seen, they're all shit ways to die.  Aye. But your lot like to give the singers a good ending.  I don't care what's sung about me when I'm dead.  No? Two knights, off to rescue a princess. Sounds like a good song to me.  Sounds like all the rest. While Bronn is distracted eating, Jaime gets rid of his food.  What about you? What shit way would you choose?  In my own keep, drinking my own wine, watching my sons grovel for my fortune.  How disappointing. I thought you'd have something more exciting planned.  I've had an exciting life. I want my death to be boring. How do you want to go?  In the arms of the woman I love.  She want the same thing?  Let's go. They both get up and gather their things. Bronn stomps out the fire. The scene cuts to them walking through some tall grass later.  The captain to that ship What was he, Braavosi?  Pentoshi.  And he's headed to Oldtown?  As I said. Why?  What's to stop him from docking down the coast and telling the locals that Jaime Lannister's in Dorne?  A bag of gold.  I'm not sure you understand how much people hate your family in this part of the world.  It was a heavy bag.  And I bet he swore all kinds of oaths to get it. But you won't be around if he breaks them. A horse neighs in the distance. Jaime looks around. A group of Dornish riders approach. Bronn and Jaime hide in the grass. Jaime watches the riders.  How many you count?  Four.  How many you think you can take?  One, if he's slow. Bronn turns to look at the riders.  Halt! The rider holds up his hand, and the party stops, having spotted Jaime and Bronns footsteps.  Fucked in the arse. (Both get up). Hiya! (The riders approach them). Morning, lads. Glad we found you.  Who are you?  Cooper. (Points to Jaime). This is Darnell.  You're from King's Landing.  Accent gave me away? Flea Bottom. Whelped and whipped.  Why are you here?  Our ship capsized in the night. We managed to swim ashore. It was a near thing, really.  I thought the sharks would get us. (Bronn looks at him).  There are no sharks in Dorne.  I could have sworn those were shark fins.  Dolphins maybe.  Throw your swords in the sand.  Boys, there's no need for this. Just, point us in the right direction. We'll find our way home.  Swords in the sand! Now! Bronn and Jaime look at each other. They pull out their swords. Bronn puts his down in the sand, and then flings a knife into the throat of a rider. He then kills another, stabbing him and knocking him off of his horse. A third charges him, and Bronn knocks him off of his horse as well. However, he survives. Bronn turns to Jaime.  That one should be slow enough. Bronn approaches the fourth and final rider. Jaime turns to the injured rider, who is revealed to be much larger than Jaime. They begin fighting. In the background, Bronn knocks the fourth rider off of his horse. As Jaime and the man fight, Jaime is slowly pushed back, down a hill. He falls over and begins rolling to escape his attacker. He loses his balance and his sword is knocked away. As the attacker brings his sword down to kill Jaime, Jaime brings his gold hand up to block it. The sword gets stuck in Jaimes hand. As the attacker is stuck trying to remove the sword, Jaime picks his back up, kills him, and kicks him down the hill.  Nice move! (Jaime turns to him).  Luck.  You had a wonderful teacher. Bronn turns and walks away. Jaime looks back down the hill, and then to his hand. Failing to shake the sword off, he is forced to dislodge it by kicking it out of his own hand. Bronn is then seen cleaning his sword off on the clothes of one of the dead riders. He sheaths his sword as Jaime approaches.  Always wanted a Dornish stallion. Beasts can run a day and night without tiring. We'll ride to the Water Gardens with a nice breeze in our face.  First we need to bury these bodies.  Birds have to eat too.  Corpses raise questions, questions raise armies. We're not here to start a war.  Do you know how long it will take us to dig all those holes?  (Holding out his hand). I can't dig very well with one hand. Not at all, really. Jaime walks away as Bronns face drops. He begins dragging a body. Elaria, in all black, swiftly rides down a beach on horseback. She approaches a tent. Nearby are some more horses, and in the tent are Nymeria, Obara, and Tyene. Tyene exits the tent to meet her as she dismounts.  Nama! Tyene and Elaria embrace.  Nym, Obara.  Will it be war?  Prince Doran will weep for your father, but nothing else. We must avenge Oberyn ourselves.  Without Doran we have no army to march against the Lannisters.  We don't need an army to start a war. (Drinks water). Queen Cersei loves her children, and we have one of them.  We may have a problem. Nymeria uses a whip to knock a bucket away. Underneath is the captain who brought Jaime and Bronn to Dorne, buried neck-deep in sand and covered in scorpions.  A ship's captain, who found me in Planky Town, claiming he had information to sell. He told me he smuggled Jaime Lannister into Dorne.  He's come for Myrcella. If he gets to her before we do, we lose our only chance for revenge. You must choose. Doran's way and peace, or my way and war.  (Walks towards her). I'm with you. Always. (Elaria puts a hand to her face).  Nym? (Nymeria nods). Obara?  When I was a child, (Begins walking), Oberyn came to take me to court. I'd never seen this man, and yet he called himself my father. My mother wept, said I was too young, and a girl. Oberyn tossed his spear at my feet and said, "Girl or boy, we fight our battles. But the Gods let us choose our weapons." My father pointed to the spear, and then to my mother's tears. Obara picks up a spear that was sticking out of the sand. She twirls it around for a moment, and then tosses it through the captains head, killing him.  (Smiles). I made my choice long ago. Elaria and Tyene smile. Jorah steers the boat as Tyrion, tied up and gagged, tries to speak. He only succeeds in mumbling. Eventually he stops trying to say real words, and instead only tries to be as loud as possible, to annoy Jorah. Jorah comes over and ungags him, and then walks back over to continue steering.  Thank you. (After a long pause). Who are you?  Your captor.  Do you have wine?  No.  I can't sleep without wine.  Then stay awake.  You're going the wrong way. My sister's in Westeros. Westeros is west! We're heading east.  I'm not taking you to your sister.  You said you were taking me to the Queen.  I am. Queen Daenerys Targaryen. She's the Queen I serve.  (Chuckles). What a waste of a good kidnapping. So happens I was heading there myself!  What business would you have with the Queen?  Gold and glory. Oh, and hate. If you've ever met my sister, you'd understand. So now that it's clear we're on the same side? (Holds out his hands expectantly. Jorah makes no move to respond). A high born knight from the North of Westeros, down on his luck in Essos. Dragon epaulettes? Bear sigil breast plate. You're Jorah Mormont. I have to ask how, exactly, were you serving your Queen in a whore house, half a world away? Is it possible, that you were running? Why would you be running? And why would she have sent you away? Oh, wait! You were spying on her, weren't you? It's all coming back to me! I was drunk through most of the Small Council meetings, but it's all coming back. You passed notes to Varys's little birds. She found out, didn't she? Found out, and exiled you. (Jorah looks downtrodden). And now you hope to win back her favor with a gift. A risky scheme. One might even say, desperate. Do you think Daenerys would execute me, and pardon you? I'd say the reverse is just as likely. Jorah stops steering and approaches Tyrion. Tyrion holds out his hands again, but Jorah strikes him, knocking him unconscious. He then goes back to steering, looking worried. Daenerys and Ser Barristan stand on the balcony.  Everyone looks happy enough from up here. (Barristan chuckles). What?  I was thinking of all the times your brother made me go with him down from the Red Keep, into the streets of King's Landing.  Why?  He liked to walk among the people, he liked to sing to them.  He sang to them?  Yes. Rhaegar would take a spot on the Hook or the Street of Seeds and then he'd sing. Just like all the other minstrels.  And what did you do?  I made sure no one killed him. And I collected the money. (Daenerys looks surprised). Well he liked to see how much he could make.  He was good?  He was very good. Viserys never told you?  He told me Rhaegar was good at killing people. (Sits down).  Rhaegar never liked killing. He loved singing.  And what did you do with the money?  Well, one time, he gave it to the next minstrel down the street. One time, he gave it to an orphanage in Flea Bottom. One time... we got horribly drunk. (They both laugh).  (Entering). Your Grace. Hizdahr is here, waiting in your audience chamber.  How many others are there?  Fifty a hundred.  Will you be joining us, Ser Barristan?  I think I can protect you from Hizdahr Zo Loraq.  I think I can protect me from Hizdahr Zo Loraq. Go, Ser Barristan. Sing a song for me.  Your Grace. (Leaves).  All men must die. But not all can die in glory.  Glory?  Why else do men fight? Why did your ancestors cross the Narrow Sea and conquer the Seven Kingdoms? So their names would live on. Those who find victory in the fighting pits, will never become kings, but their names will live on. It's the best chance they'll ever have.  Is that what you used to tell men before you set them to butchering each other for sport?  Your Grace, today is the traditional start of the fighting season.  I do not recognize this tradition.  Traditions are the only thing that will hold this city, your city, together. (Shots of Sons of the Harpy walking through tunnels with torches). Without them, former slaves and former masters have nothing in common. Nothing but centuries of mistrust and resentment. I can't promise this is the answer to all our problems, but it's a start. A prostitute and a soldier laugh with each other. Another soldier talks with some women. Some Sons of the Harpy kill all of the soldiers in the area, causing panic. In a nearby alley, some Unsullied march. Hearing the chaos, they begin running towards the market. They find the prostitute crying over the body of the dead soldier.  (Speaking another language) Sons of the Harpy. She gestures in the direction the sons went. The Unsullied run in that direction. When they are out of view, she stops her act and wipes the tears away. The Unsullied enter a corridor, expecting to catch the sons. Instead, they themselves are ambushed from every direction by Sons of the Harpy. After a tense few moments, a fight breaks out. During the fight, one of the Unsullieds helmet is knocked off, and is revealed to be Grey Worm. Another fight breaks out elsewhere. The two Unsullied there are killed almost immediately. Barristan walks down an alley and, upon noticing the chaos, heads to the fighting. Grey Worm is badly injured, and with his party killed, also badly outnumbered. Unsullied are shown being killed elsewhere. Grey Worm continues holding off the sons, and Barristan arrives to assist him. They are able to kill all of the sons, but are both seriously injured in the process. They fall unconscious, and the camera pans up to show them surrounded by all of the dead sons and Unsullied. Melisandre looks at the icicles hanging outside her tent and sees that they are melting. Melisandre walks to find Stannis, stepping in a pile of mud on the way. Stannis straps his armor on.  The Lord of Light has made good on his promise, my king. His fires have melted the snows away. The way ahead is clear.  We ride for Winterfell.  And you will take it. The Lord has shown me Bolton banners burning. You will receive what is yours by right. Melisandre wraps her arms around Stannis. He brushes her off then exits the tent. She follows after him. Stannis walks by his men as they prepare for battle. One soldier approaches him.  Your Grace.  Prepare to form up.  Your Grace. The soldier waits for a response from Stannis.  Tell me.  The men. Many deserted before dawn.  How many?  Nearly half. All the sell-swords, with all the horses. Stannis is speechless. He looks to Melisandre who appears even more devastated than he. Another soldier comes up to Stannis.  Your Grace?  Speak up. It cant be worse than mutiny. The man is silent. Stannis is led by his men to a tree. Stannis looks up and sees Selyse hanging from it. Stannis takes a long look but tries not to reveal his emotions.  Cut her down. The men cut the noose and bring her to the ground.  Your Grace. The Lady Melisandre was just seen riding out of camp. Stannis seethes but says nothing.  Get the men into marching formation. On to Winterfell. Stannis walks from the woods back to camp.  He raised his hands. And they all stood up at once. Tens of thousands of them, the biggest army in the world.  So what are you gonna do?  Im gonna hope they dont learn how to climb the wall.  But the Dragonglass?  No ones ever getting that back, now. It wouldnt have mattered anyway, unless we had a mountain of it.  But you killed a White Walker.  With Longclaw. I saw them shatter steel axes like they were glass. But Longclaw  Hes made of Valyrian steel. How many Valyrian steel swords are left in the Seven Kingdoms?  Not enough. (pause) The first Lord Commander in history to sacrifice the lives of sworn Brothers to save the lives of Wildlings. Hows it feel to be friends with the most hated man in Castle Black? (smiles)  You were friends with me when I first got here. And I wasnt winning any elections back then.  Heres to us then. Long may they sneer. Jon and Sam clink glasses and drink. Sam looks to Jon.  What?  I wanted to ask you something. To ask something of you. Send me, Gilly, and the baby to Oldtown so I can become a Maester. Thats what Im meant to be, not this.  I need you here, Sam. If you leave, whos left to give me advice I trust?  Well, theres Edd. Jon gives Sam a look.  Ill be more use to you as a Maester. More use to everyone now that Maester Aemons gone. The Citadel has the worlds greatest library. Ill learn about history, strategy, healing. And other things. Things that will help when they come. Jon stares at Sam, saying nothing.  If Gilly stays here then shell die. And the baby that she named after me will die. And Ill end up dying, too, trying to protect them. Which means that the last thing that Ill see in this world will be the look in her eyes when I fail them. (pause) Id rather see a thousand White Walkers than see that. Jon inhales, exhales, then nods somberly. Sam smiles.  Thank you.  You know that The Citadel will make you swear off women, too.  Theyll bloody try. Jon looks at Sam incredulously.  Sam?  What?  Sam Sam smiles.  Youve just been beaten half to death. How did you--  Very carefully. Jon smiles and lets out a small laugh.  Im glad the end of the worlds working out for someone. They sit in silence for a moment.  Ill come back.  To your return.  To my return. Sam, Gilly, and little Sam mount the horses. Sam looks up to see Jon watching from the top of his steps.They exchange a wave, and then Sam begins riding out of Castle Black. Stanniss depleted army marches onto Winterfell. Stannis is at the front with flaming heart banners flying all around him. The Bolton army is preparing for battle. Sansa uses the device she previously picked up to unlock her door. She drops the device and then exits her tower with a hood on. Sansa walks by the Bolton men as they are preparing for battle. Podrick returns to he and Briennes camp with firewood and dead rabbits. He hears screaming then looks down to see Stanniss army marching for Winterfell. He drops the wood and rabbits and sprints back to Brienne. Brienne is staring at the Broken Tower.  My lady! Stannis. Stannis Baratheon is coming. His whole army.  How do you know its Stannis?  Hes carrying his flaming heart banners. From the Blackwater. Ill never forget it. Brienne takes one last look at the Broken Tower. She sees there is still no candle in the window. Sansa approaches the Tower with a candle in hand. Brienne takes one last, hard look at the Tower, then turns around and heads for Stanniss army. Podrick grabs his axe and follows her. Right as they turn away, a candle appears at the top of the Broken Tower.  Trench here. Another one 300 yards from the castle wall. Hurry them along. And send out a foraging party immediately. The siege begins at sunrise.  Theres not going to be a siege, Your Grace. Stannis looks to the distance and sees the Bolton army racing towards him as they come over the top of a hill. Sansa looks down at the ensuing battle from the top of the Broken Tower with a candle in the window. Stannis sees he the army approaching. He takes a deep breath then unsheathes his sword. Cut to an overhead shot revealing Stannis is badly outnumbered. Sansa watches from the window as the fight begins. She walks away from the window. Pan across the ground to reveal all but one of Stanniss men are slaughtered alongside various banners and shields with his sigil. Stannis hobbles away from these men, using his sword as a crutch. Two Bolton men arrive on horse and kill the lone survivor of Stanniss men. They charge at Stannis, one slices his leg, but he kills them both with a dagger and sword then falls to the ground. Stannis leans onto a tree and groans. He looks down to his bleeding leg with a resigned look, then looks up to the sound of a horse riding.  Bolton has women fighting for him. Cut up to Brienne of Tarth.  I do not fight for the Boltons. Im Brienne of Tarth. I was Kingsguard to Renly Baratheon. I was there when he was murdered by a shadow with your face. You murdered him? With blood magic? Stannis is silent for a long moment.  I did. Brienne approaches him and unsheathes her sword.  In the name of Renly of House Baratheon, First of his Name, Rightful King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, and Protector of the Realm, I, Brienne of Tarth, sentence you to die. Do you have any last words?  Go on, do your duty. Brienne unsheathes her sword, pulls it back, swings forward, and-- Ramsay plunges his sword into a survivor. Then he surveys the corpses on the battlefield.  Looks like were done here. Ramsay heads back towards his horse but sees one of Stanniss men is survive, and is attempting to crawl away.  I surrender. I surrender!  And I accept your surrender. Ramsay plunges his sword into the man then pulls it out and wipes the blood off.  Lets head back. My wife must be lonely. Pan out to reveal the bodies on the battlefield. Sansa hurries through Winterfell with her hood on. She heads up the stairs, sees one of the Bolton men walking her way, and doubles back. Sansa rushes through a door towards the exit. She finds Myranda and Theon waiting for her, with Myrandas bow drawn.  My lady. I have come to escort you back to your chamber.  Go with her. Please.  I know what Ramsay is. I know what hell do to me. (looks to Theon) If Im going to die, let it happen while theres some of me left.  Die? (lowers the bow) Who said anything about dying? You cant die yet. Your father was Warden of the North, and Ramsay needs you. Though I suppose he doesnt need all of you. Just the parts hell use to make his heir. Until youve given him a boy or two and hes finished using them. (raises bow) Hes got incredible plans for those parts. So. Shall we wait for him to come back, or shall we begin now? Sansa says nothing.  Youre leaving it to me? Good. Lets begin. She draws her arrow back. Just as she goes to release it, Theon tackles her into a wall, causing the arrow to miss Sansa. They struggle for a moment.  Stop! Stop! Theon throws her over the edge, killing her on impact. As Sansa and Theon go to the edge to inspect the body, a horn begins to blare.  Open the gates! Bolton men return from the battle and ride through the gates to Winterfell.  Hes coming back. Theon grabs Sansas hand and leads her along the walls. They climb to the top of the wall and look down to see a pile of snow at the bottom. Theon offers his hand to Sansa, she takes it, and they leap off of the wall. Meryn Trant looks to 3 young girls in front of him and tightens his grip on the stick in his hand. He walks behind the first one and whips her, she starts crying. He does the same to the second and she cries as well. He walks up to the third girl, whose face is hidden by her hair, and whips her in the back. She doesnt react. He whips her harder in the side and doesnt get a reaction. He whips her a third time across the face and the girl still doesnt make a sound.  I can see I have my work cut out for me.You two. Out. The two other girls flee the room. The third removes her hair to show an unknown face. Meryn punches her in the stomach. She falls to the ground doubled over. Meryn smiles but loses the smile when he sees she is reaching for something. The girl pulls off her face, revealing she is Arya, and leaps towards Trant, stabbing him in the eye. She stabs his other eye then gags him with his shirt as he screams. He grabs at her but she stabs him in the chest until he rolls on his side.  You were the first person on my list, you know. For killing Syrio Forel, remember him? Probably not. Ive gotten a few of the others. The Many Faced God stole a few more for me. Im glad he left me you. Do you know who I am? Trant struggles to make a noise through the gag.  I cant hear you. She stabs him in the stomach.  You know who I am. Im Arya Stark. A look of surprise comes across Trants face, he grunts, and then Arya stabs him in the back. She removes the gag.  Do you know who you are? Trant whimpers.  Youre no one. Youre nothing. She slowly slits his throat and he keels over. Arya walks into the room holding the face of the girl she wore to the brothel. She returns it to where she took it from.  A girl has taken a life. The wrong life.  I was right about her.  You were.  Youre not ready. Not at all. The waif grabs Arya and holds her in front of Jaqen.  That mans life wasnt yours to take. A girl stole from the Many Faced God. Now a debt is owed. Jaqen holds up the same vial he gave to Arya to give to the Thin Man. The waif holds Aryas face up near the vial as she struggles.  Only death can pay for life. Jaqen drinks the vial and then falls straight to the ground.  No! No! No, you dont die! Dont die! (sobs)  Why are you crying?  He was my friend.  No he wasnt. Didnt you listen to him?  He was no one. Arya turns to see a man looking identical to Jaqen standing behind her.  But if youre (looks to the Jaqen who drank the potion and is seemingly dead) Whos this?  No one at all. Just as a girl should have been before she took a face from the hall. Arya reaches and pulls off the Jaqen face, revealing the face of an old man.  The faces are for no one. Arya pulls off the old man face to reveal a younger mans face.  You are still someone. Arya pulls off the young mans face to reveal a different old man.  And to someone Arya pulls off multiple faces, revealing the face of multiple different men.  ...the faces are as good as poison. Arya pulls off the final face and sees her own face staring back at her.  I cant see! Aryas vision begins to blur until the screen goes black.  Whats happening?! Whats happening?! Myrcella kisses Prince Doran.  I wish you a safe journey home.  Thank you. Doran looks to Ellaria and nods. She walks up to Myrcella.  Forgive me child. I wish you all the happiness in the world. Ellaria kisses Myrcella on the lips, holding the kiss then rubbing her lips. She nods to Jaime and Jaime nods back. Jaime helps Myrcella into the boat.  Maybe Ill come visit you sometime.  Maybe Ill come visit you.  Dont wait too long. Ive a noble woman to marry back home.  You want a good girl, but you need the bad pussy. (bites his ear)  Whenever youre ready, My Lord. Bronn nods to Tyene and the Snakes, then heads to the boat. Myrcella looks down at her lion necklace.  Try not to lose it this time.  Ill never take it off again.  I know you didnt want to leave Dorne. But Im glad youre coming home. Your mothers desperate to see you. And Im glad Trystanes coming with us. He seems like a nice boy. Youre lucky. Arranged marriages are rarely so so well arranged.  Do you think mother will like him.  If she sees youre happy, Im sure she will.  And you really believe that?  Have you ever known your mother to like anyone aside from her children?  She likes you.  Im not so sure about that. Listen. Theres something Ive wanted to tell you. Something I should have told you long ago. So. Now that youve seen more of the world, youve learned how complicated things can be. People can be. The Lannisters and the Martells have hated each other for years, but youve fallen in love with Trystane. It was an accident, really, I mean what were the chances? You happen to fall in love with the man you were assigned to marry? (Myrcella laughs) My point is we dont choose whom we love. We just Its beyond our control. I sound like an idiot.  No you dont.  What Im trying to say. What Im trying and failing to say  I know what youre trying to say.  No. Im afraid you dont. Myrcella stands up and looks Jaime in the eyes.  I do. She takes his good hand in hers.  I know. About you and mother. I think a part of me always knew. And Im glad. Im glad that youre my father. Jaime looks shocked but happy. They embrace. She releases the hug and smiles at Jaime, with blood beginning to trickle out her nose.  Myrcella? The bleeding gets worse.  Myrcella?! Myrcella collapses in Jaimes arms, blood streaming down her face.  Myrcella?! Myrcella?! Ellaria stares at Jaimes ship from the dock. Blood begins to trickle out of her nose and splatter the floor. Tyene hands her a rag for the blood and she wipes it away then thrrows the rag away. She opens the antidote and drinks it down. She and the Sand Snakes begin walking from the dock. Tyrion, Daario, and Jorah sit on the steps in Danys throne room.  You love her, dont you? How could you not. Of course, its hopeless for the both of you. Sellsword from the fighting pits, a disgraced knight. Neither one of you is fit consort for a queen. But, we always want the wrong woman.  Does he always talk so much? Jorah nods. Missandei brings Grey Worm into the room, with bandages around his torso.  Jorah the Andal.  Torgo Nudho.  You should not be here.  No, but he is.  Our queen ordered him exiled from city.  Our queen would be dead if not for him.  Its true. And I would be dead if not for the (look at Tyrion) little man.  Dwarf. I believe thats the word. Apologies. My Valyrian is a bit nostril.  (Valyrian) A bit rusty.  (Valyrian) Rusty (Common Tongue) Thank you.  I am sorry. Sorry I am not there to fight for my queen.  You missed a good scrap.  None of that matters now. The longer we sit here bantering the longer Daenerys is out there in the wilderness.  Hes right. The dragon headed north. If were going to find her, thats where were to go.  We? Youre a Lannister. The Queen intends to remove your family from power.  And I intend to help her do it.  Youve been here for how many days now? Ive fought for her for years. Since she was little more than a child.  You betrayed her!  Careful now.  And she exiled you, twice, I believe?  The second time thanks to you.  Dont blame me for your crimes, Mormont.  (gestures to Tyrion) Hes right. The Queen exiled Jorah. (gestures to Jorah) And hes right, Jorah saved her life. Perhaps she feels differently about him now. Perhaps not. The only way well know is if we ask her.  Fine, fine, I suppose he can join us. Just as long as he promises not to kill me in my sleep.  If I ever kill you your eyes will be wide open.  Forgive me, but why would we bring you?  Pardon me?  Have you ever tracked animals in the wilderness?  Not precisely, but I have other skills thatd be very useful--  Can you fight?  I have fought. I dont claim to be a great warrior.  Are you good on a horse?  Middling.  So mainly you talk?  And drink. Ive survived so far.  Which I respect. But you would not help us on this expedition. You would help us here in Meereen, though. (to Missandei, Grey Worm, and Jorah) None of us have any experience governing a city, except for him. You want to prove your value to the queen? Prove it right here in Meereen.  Hes a foreign dwarf that barely speaks the language. Why would the Meereenese listen to him?  They wouldnt. They will listen to Grey Worm.  Ill come with you. Ill find our queen.  You are not strong enough to go anywhere.  I am.  He is, hes the toughest man with no balls Ive ever met. But you still cant go. The people believe in you. They know you speak for the queen.  Its true. Only the Unsullied can keep the peace in Meereen. If you leave, half the city will consume the other half.  And Missandei. Our queen trusts no one more than Missandei. Certainly not me. The queens closest confidant, the commander of the Unsullied, and the foreign dwarf with the scarred face. Good fortune, my friends, Meereen is ancient and glorious. (to Tyrion) Try not to ruin her. (to Jorah) Looks like its you and me, Jorah the Andal. Lets find some good horses. We have so much to talk about. Tyrion walks down the steps towards Missandei and Grey Worm. They exchange uncertain glances with each other. Tyrion stands in the place where Dany had Mossador executed and watches Jorah and Daario ride out of the city.  Hello, old friend. Tyrion turns to see Varys on the balcony next to him.  I thought we were so happy together until you abandoned me.  I suppose theres no point in asking how you found me.  The birds sing in the west, the birds sing in the east. If one knows how to listen. They tell me youve already found favor with the Mother of Dragons.  Well, she didnt execute me, so thats a promising start. Now the heroes are off to find her, and Im stuck here, trying to placate a city on the brink of civil war. Any advice for an old comrade?  Information is the key. You need to learn your enemies strengths and strategies. You need to learn which of your friends are not your friends.  If only I knew someone with a vast network of spies.  If only. (beat) A grand old city, choking on violence, corruption, and deceit. Who could possibly have any experience managing such a massive, ungainly beast? Tyrion looks up to Varys with a slight smile.  I did miss you.  Oh, I know. Dany looks to Drogon who is lying down in a ring full of bones.  We have to go home. Drogon lies down and grunts.  My poor, sweet thing. Does it hurt? (pause) We have to go home. Drogon? Can you take me back to Meereen? Daenerys pets his nose but gets no response.  How far did you carry me? (surveys the area) Drogon begins turning away from her to lick at his wounds.  Drogon, we need to return. My people need me. She climbs back on his back, but he hisses and bucks her off, then goes to sleep.  Well, theres no food. At the very least you can hunt us some supper. Dany begins walking across the plateau to explore. A horse gallops in the distance. Camera cuts to reveal the pony-tail of a Dothraki. Three more Dothraki men arrive on horseback. Daenerys drops her ring to the ground. Another group of Dothraki arrives, and then the rest of the khalasar. They begin circling around Daenerys, howling. Cersei is huddled in the corner. She shudders as the door opens.  Confess. Confess. Cersei looks up to the Septa. Cersei is knelt before the High Sparrow in the room where she was taken away.  I have sinned. I see that now. How could I have been so blind for so long. I want to be clean again. I want absolution. The Crone came to me with her lamp raised high, and with its holy light--  You wish to make a confession?  Once Ive confessed, will I be free?  Your Grace will be dealt with according to her sins.  The Mother have mercy then. I lay with a man outside the bonds of marriage, I confess.  Name him.  Lancel Lannister.  Your cousin. And the Kings squire.  I was lonely and afraid.  You had a husband.  A husband of whoring every chance he got.  His sins do not pardon your own.  May the gods forgive me.  Other men?  No.  No others?  No.  Speaking falsehoods before the Gods is a great crime. You understand this?  I do.  There are those who say your children were not fathered by King Robert. That they are bastards born of incest and adultery.  A lie. A lie from the lips of Stannis Baratheon. He wants the Throne, but his brothers children stand in his way, so he claims they are not his brothers. The filth. There is not one shred of truth to it. I deny it.  Good. But these are terrible charges. And the realm must know the truth of them. If Your Grace has given honest testimony, your trial will prove your innocence.  Trial? I have confessed?  To a single sin. Others you have denied. Your trial will separate the truths from the falsehoods.  I bow to the wisdom of your High Holiness. But if I might beg for just one drop of the Mothers mercy. I havent seen my son I dont know how long its been. I need to see him. Please.  You have taken the first step on a path back to righteousness. In light of this, I will permit you to return to the Red Keep.  Thank you. Thank you.  The Mother is merciful. It is her you should thank.  I will, I will. I swear it, day and night.  Good.  Am I free to go?  After your atonement.  My atonement? Cersei is stripped naked and has the dirt washed off of her by the septas. After they scrub her clean, they sit her down and begin chopping her hair away with a knife. They leave her naked, with short hair and a bloody scalp, and then shut the door on her. Cersei is carried to the top of the steps, in front of a massive crowd of Kings Landing citizens.  A sinner comes before you. Cersei of House Lannister, mother to his Grace King Tommen, widow to his Grace King Robert. She has committed the acts of falsehood and fornication. She has confessed her sins and begged for forgiveness. To demonstrate her repentance, she will cast aside all pride, all artifice, and present herself as the gods made her, to you. The good people of the city. She comes before you with a solemn heart. Shorn of secrets. Naked before the eyes of gods and men. To make her walk of atonement. The septas remove her robe. She stands naked before the citizens of Kings Landing, who gasp. They force her to start walking down the stairs.  Shame. Shame. Shame. (rings bell) The septa repeats Shame. Shame. Shame. and rings the bell through the duration of Cerseis walk. Cersei is escorted by the Sparrows through the crowd of people. Silence at first, but once one man yells Cunt!, she begins to be heckled.  Bitch! Whore! All hail her royal tits! They begin pelting her with food. A prostitute runs in front of Cersei with her breasts out.  Ive had half as many cocks as the queen! The sparrows force her out of Cerseis way. A man with his penis out runs in front of her later in the walk.  Suck me off! Suck me off, you bitch! As Cersei approaches the end of her walk things get more violent. A man spits directly in her face, and a Sparrow has to beat a woman with a club as she charges Cersei. She is knocked to her knees at the end of her walk, but gets back to her feet when she sees the Red Keep in the distance. She finally reaches the end of the walk of atonement, and enters the Red Keep, sobbing. Kevan Lannister, Grand Maester Pycelle, Qyburn, and the Lannister guards wait for her. Qyburn rushes to cover her naked body with a blanket as Cersei begins weeping.  Your Grace. Its good to have you back. Come. Well take you inside. I need to have a look at those feet. Cut to her bloody feet. We hear two giant footsteps off screen.  May I have the honor of presenting the newest member of the Kingsguard. A hulking man, who is revealed to have a blue face through the eye holes in his helm, walks over to Qyburn and Cersei. He takes Cersei in his arms.  If it please Your Grace, hes taken a holy vow of silence. He has sworn that he will not speak until all his Graces enemies are dead, and the evil has been driven from the realm. Jon and Davos exit the elevator.  He came to your aid. Stannis. Now he needs you!  We dont have enough men to make any difference.  The wildlings will make a difference!  The wildlings wont ever fight for Stannis, I told you before--  You saved their bloody lives. If theyre going to live in the Seven Kingdoms, safe behind our wall, they ought to fight for the damn place.  Its not their fight! The gates to Castle Black are opened and Melisandre arrives, alone and on horseback. Jon and Davos rush over to her.  Stannis? No response.  Shireen? The princess? A long look but no response. Melisandre walks away from the two of them. Jon goes through the various scrolls on his desk. Olly enters the room.  Lord Commander. Its one of the wildlings you brought back. Says he knows your Uncle Benjen. Says hes still alive.  Are you sure hes talking about Benjen?  Says he was first Ranger. Said he knows where to find him. Jon rushes out of his room down to the ground. He is met by Alliser.  Man says he saw your uncle at Hardhome the last full moon.  He could be lying.  Could be. There are ways to find out.  Where is he?  Over there. Jon walks past a group of Brothers holding torches. He sees a sign that reads TRAITOR when he passes them, and turns to see he is cornered. Alliser stabs him in the gut.  For the Watch. Another Brother stabs him.  For the Watch. A third Brother stabs him.  For the Watch. A fourth brother stabs him.  For the Watch. A fifth brother stabs him.  For the Watch. Jon falls to his knees, struggling but still alive. Olly walks up to Jon.  Olly Olly stabs him.  For the Watch. Jon stays on his knees, then falls backwards. The Brothers walk away from him. Jon lays on the ground, expressionless. A puddle of blood spreads to the top of the screen. Grey Worm lays in a bed, asleep. Missandei stands over him, crying. The room is dark, except for some candles. Daenerys and Daario stand over the body of Barristan. Hizdahr enters with two men.  I am so sorry, my queen. He was a good man.  "Barristan the Bold" they called him. He crossed a continent to serve me. He was a loyal friend. And he died in an alley, butchered by cowards who hide behind masks.  We could pull back to the pyramid district, secure it, and use it as a base from which to operate. Then we clean the city out, neighborhood by neighborhood, street by street, until the rats have nowhere left to hide. Daario walks over the Daenerys and looks at Hizdahr. He looks back. Daenerys turns around.  I prefer your earlier suggestion. Round up the leaders of each of Meereen's great families and bring them to me.  But... I'm the leader of my family. Daario nods. The two men behind Hizdahr grab and restrain him. He is taken away.  No, Your Grace! I had nothing to do with this. Your Grace! Daenerys, Daario, some Unsullied, and a number of men stand in the chamber. Daario holds a torch. After a few moments, Daenerys turns around and begins walking. Daario follows her. Then a chain can be heard rattling. Daenerys and Daario turn around.  (in Valyrian) Walk forward. The Unsullied lower their spears at the other men.  (Valyrian) You cannot do this. The Unsullied begin walking forward, forcing the men to move. After a few moments, they stop. Chains rattle again.  (Valyrian) Another step. The Unsullied and the men take another step. Chains rattle and an unseen dragon snarls. Daenerys walks through the Unsullied to the front of the group.  (Valyrian) They will eat you, if I tell them to. They may eat you even if I dont. Children. Some say I should give up on them. (One of the men is mumbling). But a good mother never gives up on her children. She disciplines them if she must. Daenerys looks at Daario. He walks over and pushes the mumbling man forward, onto his knees.  (Valyrian) But she does not give up on them. The mans eyes widen. A dragon comes out of the shadows and breathes fire on him. He screams and dies. The dragons take his corpse, tear it in two, and eat it.  (Valyrian) Who is innocent? Maybe all of you are, (Looks at Hizdahr), maybe none of you are. Maybe, (Touching Hizdahrs arm), I should let the dragons decide.  (Valyrian) All men must die. The other men besides Hizdahr grovel before Daenerys. The dragons continue eating. After a moment, she takes her hand off of Hizdahr.  Don't want to overfeed them. Tomorrow perhaps. Daario and the Unsullied take the men out. Daenerys watches her dragons eat for a moment, and then walks out herself. Sam sits at a table, reading a letter. Aemon is with him.  "And though Daenerys maintains her grip on Slaver's Bay, forces rise against her from within and without. She refuses to leave until the freedom of the former slaves is secure." She sounds like quite a woman.  And she's alone, under siege, no family to guide her or protect her. Her last relation thousands of miles away, useless, dying.  Don't say that, Maester Aemon.  A Targaryen, alone in the world, is a terrible thing. Jon walks in.  Maester Aemon.  Lord Commander.  Sam, I'd like to speak to the maester alone. Sam gets up, grabs his papers, and leaves. Jon walks over and sits at the table.  How are you feeling?  Oh, like a hundred-year-old man slowly freezing to death.  I need your advice. There's something I want to do, something I have to do. But it'll divide the Night's Watch. Bitterly. Half the men will hate me the moment I give the order.  Half the men hate you already, Lord Commander. Do it.  But you don't know what it is.  That doesn't matter. You do. You will find little joy in your command. But with luck, you will find the strength to do what needs to be done. Kill the boy, Jon Snow. Winter is almost upon us. Kill the boy, and let the man be born. Jon and Tormund sit across from each other at a table.  Where are the rest of the free folk now? (Tormund scoffs). Where have they gone? (No response). Who leads them?  They followed Mance. They won't follow anyone else.  What about you?  Hard to lead when you're in chains.  What if I unchained you?  Why would you do that?  Because you are not my enemy. And I'm not yours.  You sure seemed like my enemy when you were killing my friends.  For 8,000 years the Night's Watch have sworn an oath to be the shield that guards the realms of men. And for 8,000 years we've fallen short of that oath. You belong to the realms of men. All of you.  And now everything is going to change?  It is.  Why now?  Because now, (Leans forward), I am Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.  What would you have me do, (Leans forward), Lord Commander?  (Stands up). I'd have you go north of the Wall. Gather the remaining free folk wherever they are and bring them back here. I'll open the gates for them and let them through. I'll find them lands to settle south of the Wall.  They won't kneel for you and neither will I.  I don't want them to kneel for me. I want them to fight with me when the time comes.  The day I ask my people to fight with the crows is the day my people cut my guts from my belly and make me eat them.  And how many of your people can't fight? The women, the children, the old, the sick, what happens to them? You're condemning them to death. Worse than death because you're too proud to make peace. Or maybe you're not proud. Maybe you're just a coward.  (Stands up). Easy thing to say to a man in chains. Jon unchains Tormund. Tormunds eyes widen as he feels his hands.  Your people need a leader. And they need to get south of the Wall before it's too late. We don't have much time and they have less. The walkers are coming and they'll hit your people first. I'm not asking you to make peace to save your skin. Make peace to save your people.  Most of them are at Hardhome. You know where that is?  Up on Storrold's Point. I can give you 10 horses and nine other men. You can get there in a week.  We'll need ships.  I'll talk to King Stannis about lending you his fleet.  All right, then. You're coming with me. You're the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. They need to hear it from you. They need to know the ships they are boarding wont be torched in the middle of the sea. You come with me, or I don't go. The Nights Watchmen present talk amongst themselves. Stannis and Davos are present. Jon stands at a table in the front of the room with Allister and two others. One of them addresses Jon.  You'd bring wildlings here, through our gates?  Men, women, and children will die by the thousands if we do nothing.  Let them die. We got our own to worry about. Less enemies for us. Some of the men in the crowd cheer.  Fewer.  What?  Nothing.  (Standing up) There is good farmland in the Gift. (Laughter). Land that no one uses now. A dozen abandoned villages.  And why do you think the farmers abandoned those villages? Because the wildlings raided them for years. Cut them down! Just like they did this boy's people. The man points to Olly, who lowers his head. Sam sits down.  We've been fighting them all for thousands of years. They've slaughtered villages. They've slaughtered our brothers.  And we've slaughtered theirs.  I will follow you anywhere, you know that. But they killed Grenn. And they killed Pyp. (Men mumble in agreement). They killed 50 of our brothers. I can't forget that. I can't forgive it.  You were at the Fist of the First Men. If we abandon them, you know what they become. We can learn to live with the wildlings or we can add them to the army of the dead. Whatever they are now, they're better than that. The men in the room return to bickering loudly. Jon walks in, takes off his coat, and puts his hands on his desk. Olly knocks and walks in with a plate of food, and sets it down.  Thank you. (Olly walks away). Olly. (He stops). If you have something you want to say to me, say it. It's all right.  You don't mean it, do you? Telling the wildlings you want to make peace. You're just doing it to trick them.  It's not a trick.  They burned my village. They put an arrow through my father's head right in front of me. They butchered my mother, everyone I ever knew.  I know what it's like to lose the people you love. I know this is hard for you. But winter is coming. We know what's coming with it. We can't face it alone.  Will there be anything else you need, Lord Commander?  No. Olly leaves. Jon sighs. Podrick walks carrying some supplies. He enters a building. Inside, Brienne stares out of a window. Podrick sets down the supplies.  She's far away from the Lannisters. This is her home. Maybe Lady Sansa is better off here.  (Turns around). Better off with the Boltons who murdered her mother and brother? Sansa's in danger even if she doesn't realize it. A man enters with some water and a towel.  Thank you. You've lived here a long time?  Aye.  Did you know Lord Eddard?  I knew him and his father before him. The Starks are gone now.  Not all of them. I know who's inside that castle.  Everyone knows. The Boltons.  I'm not talking about the Boltons. I need to get a message to her. To Sansa Stark.  Who are you?  Someone who swore to keep her safe.  Swore to who?  Her mother.  Her mother's dead.  That doesn't release me from an oath. I served Lady Catelyn. I serve her still. Who do you serve? Myranda stands naked in front of a window.  Come back here. Myranda.  I saw you staring at her.  I'm going to marry her. That will involve looking at her from time to time.  You said you'd marry me.  And I meant it. When I was a bastard named Snow. But I'm a Bolton now. What I want is no longer the primary consideration. I'm furthering a dynasty.  Do you think she's pretty?  Of course I do. I'm not blind. Ramsay sighs and gets up. He walks over to Myranda and grabs her waist.  You think she's pretty, too. I'm looking forward to our wedding night. But don't worry, I'll have plenty of time for you.  Perhaps I'll marry, too.  (Laughs). You're the kennel master's daughter. Who are you going to marry, the stable keeper's son? (She tries to hit him, but he restrains her). You're mine. You're not going anywhere. Unless I have to listen to more of your jealousy. Jealousy bores me. You remember what happens to people who bore me. You're not going to bore me, are you, Myranda? After a moment, Myranda kisses him. She then bites down hard on his lower lip, causing it to bleed.  (Smiles). Never. Ramsay smiles back. They begin having sex. Sansa sits alone at a table. Theres a knock on the door. She turns, gets up, and opens it. An old servant woman comes in.  Beg pardon, my lady. I've come to refill the wash basin.  Oh, I don't need-  (Closes the door). You still have friends in the North. If you're ever in trouble, light a candle in the highest window of the broken tower.  But who -  You're not alone. The woman leaves, and closes the door. Sansa walks through the snow, looking up at the broken tower. Myranda approaches her.  I like your dress. Who made it for you?  I made it myself.  Really?  Who, who are you?  I'm Myranda, the kennel master's daughter. May I? (Takes Sansas arm and inspects her sleeve). Oh, wonderful. The stitching. Who taught you?  My mother. (Pulls away).  I'm sorry for what happened to her.  Thank you.  It's good that she taught you. It was a gift. Now every time you wear something you made, you can remember her.  I'd rather have a mother.  I know. It's not the same. Still, it's good to remember. Remember the way things were. I almost forgot. There's something else to help you remember. Myranda opens the gate and lets Sansa in. Some dogs bark.  Down there at the end.  What is it?  That would spoil the surprise. Go ahead, it's perfectly safe. You won't believe it when you see it. The dogs continue barking and growling. Sansa walks down the aisle of cages. Most contain dogs. Sansa looks behind to see Myranda has disappeared. She comes to the last cage, which is open. Inside is Theon, on the floor. He gets up and notices her.  Theon?  You shouldn't be here. She looks at him angrily. He backs away from her. She leaves. Theon unties Ramsays jacket.  You smell particularly ripe this evening. Pour me some wine. Theon walks over to a table and pours some wine. He then brings it over to Ramsay, who drinks it.  Do you have something to tell me?  No, my lord.  Reek.  (Stuttering). She saw me.  Who?  Sansa. Lady Sansa. She came to the kennels.  She saw you?  Yes. I'm sorry, master. Forgive me. I didn't think -  Come here. Theon walks forward. Ramsay holds his chin.  You mustn't keep secrets from me, Reek. Get on your knees. Theon gets on his knees. Ramsay sips his wine, and then puts it aside. Theon looks down.  Give me your hand. Theon hesitantly holds his hand up. As Ramsay takes it, Theon begins stammering. After a moment, Ramsay cups Theons hand with his own hands.  I forgive you. Theon looks up. Ramsay smiles. Sansa, Ramsay, Roose, and Walda sit at a table, eating.  I trust you find your chamber suitable, my lady.  Yes, thank you, my lord.  Allow me. Ramsay pours Sansa some wine.  Mother.  Thank you, Ramsay. He pours her some wine as well. She smiles. Ramsay gets up and holds his wine up.  My lady, we are all a family, we northerners. Our blood ties go back thousands of years. So I'd like to drink to our wedding. May our happiness spread from Moat Cailin to the Last Hearth.  (Raises his cup). To your wedding.  (Raises her cup). To your wedding. Ramsay takes a large sip of wine. Sansa puts her own glass down. Ramsay sits down.  It must be difficult for you being in a strange place.  This isn't a strange place. This is my home. It's the people who are strange.  You're right. Very strange. More wine, please. Theon enters the room with some wine. Sansa looks away.  I heard you two had reunited. A fitting place for it. (Theon begins pouring wine). I like to imagine that the last time you spoke was in this very room. Are you still angry with him after he - what he did? Don't worry. The North remembers. I punished him for it. He's not ironborn anymore. Not Theon Greyjoy anymore. He's a new man. A new person, anyway. Aren't you, Reek?  (Turns around). Yes, master.  That's his new name, Reek.  Why are you doing this?  Because Reek has something to say to you. Don't you, Reek? (He gestures Theon over). An apology. Apologize to Lady Sansa for what you did. Apologize for murdering her two brothers. Theon shakes his head "no" when Ramsay looks away  (After a moment, stuttering). I'm sorry.  Look at her, Reek. An apology doesn't mean anything if you're not looking the person in the eye.  I'm sorry.  Sorry about what?  For killing your brothers.  There, over and done with. Doesn't everyone feel better? I do. That was getting very tense. Whew. (Theon turns to leave). You know what, my lady? What with him having murdered your brothers and the rest of your family gone Reek here is the nearest thing to living kin that you have left. Reek. You will give away the bride. Someone has to. What better person? Good? Good?  Yes, yes, very good.  Wonderful. (Sips wine).  Walda and I have some good news as well, since we're all together.  We're going to have a baby.  I'm very happy for you.  From the way she's carrying, Maester Wolkan says it looks like a boy. Ramsay sips some wine and angrily sets his cup down. Sansa looks at him smugly. Ramsay and Roose sit at a war table.  How can you be sure?  Sure of what?  That she's pregnant. I mean how can you tell?  Maester Wolkan has assured us beyond all doubt. Ramsay gets up and walks around to the other side of the table, wine in hand.  So how did you manage it?  Manage what?  Getting her pregnant.  I imagine you're familiar with the procedure.  Of course, but how did you find it?  You disgraced yourself at dinner, parading that creature before the Stark girl.  And if it's a boy?  You're worried about your position.  My position is quite clear. I'm your son until a better alternative comes along. Ramsay finished his wine and goes to get more.  You've never asked me about your mother.  Why would I? She had me, she died. And here we are.  She was a peasant girl. Pretty in a common sort of way. She was the miller's wife. Apparently they had married without my knowledge or consent. So I had him hanged and I took her beneath the tree where he was swaying. She fought me the whole time. She was lucky I didn't hang her, too. A year later she came to my gates with a squalling baby in her arms. A baby she claimed was mine. I nearly had her whipped and the child thrown in the river. (Stands up). But then I looked at you and I saw then what I see now. You are my son. (After a moment). Stannis Baratheon has an army at Castle Black. But he won't stay for long. He wants the Iron Throne, and the road to King's Landing comes right through Winterfell. He means to take the North. But the North is ours. It's yours and mine. Will you help me defeat him?  Yes. Gilly walks through the bookshelves, examining them. Sam sits at the table reading.  Is this every book there is?  Every book there is?  In the world.  Well, no. There are thousands and thousands of books out there. This library is rather small, actually.  Where you grew up, were there more books?  My father's not the most literate man. They say the Citadel has the largest library in the world.  Where's that?  The Citadel? In Oldtown.  I'm sorry I don't know things.  Gilly, look at me. You know how to do a hundred things I can never do. You can build a fire with wet wood. You can cook. You can stitch a wound.  I can wash the linens. I can sweep the floor.  Well -  Why does the Citadel have the biggest library?  It's where they train the maesters.  Like Maester Aemon?  I wanted to be one when I was young. Instead, I became a man of the Night's Watch. Far more adventure up here anyway. I wouldn't have met you. Stannis enters the library. Sam stands up.  Ah, Your Grace. Gilly quickly exits.  You're Samwell Tarly?  I am, Your Grace.  Your father is Randyll Tarly. He defeated my brother at the Battle of Ashford. Only battle Robert ever lost. I told him he shouldn't go so far west so soon, but he never listened. Fine soldier, your father. You don't look like a soldier. But I'm told you killed a white walker.  I did, Your Grace.  How?  With a dagger made of dragonglass.  Dragonglass?  What the maesters call obsidian -  I know what it is. We have it in Dragonstone. Why would obsidian kill a walker?  I don't know. I've been going through all the old manuscripts hoping to find something, and all I've learned is that the children of the forest used to hunt with dragonglass.  The Lady Melisandre told me that death marches on the Wall.  I've seen it, Your Grace.  Seen what?  The army of the dead. And when they come -  We have to know how to fight them. (After a moment). Keep reading, Samwell Tarly. Stannis leaves. Davos carves away at a piece of wood. Stannis approaches him.  It's time.  Uh, Your Grace. Wouldn't it be better to wait? When Jon Snow returns with the wildlings, we could have thousands more men.  If Jon Snow returns with the wildlings. We can't wait that long. We have the advantage, more men, more horses, all fed and rested. But every day we wait, the odds shift in Bolton's favor. This could turn to winter at any moment. We have to act now. Give the order. We march at sunrise.  I'll choose a dozen men to stay and guard the queen and the princess.  No need, they're coming with us.  It's a tough road ahead, Your Grace. Won't they be safer -  Here? Half these watchmen are killers and rapists. No, they march with us. They walk outside.  As you wish, Your Grace. Stannis walks away. Davos spots Melisandre. Stanniss men prepare to ride out. Sam and Gilly watch. Gilly holds baby Sam. Olly, Edd, and some other watchmen are also shown watching.  (On horseback). Do you think Father will let me go down into the crypt?  Beg your pardon?  At Winterfell. All the Kings in the North are buried there. Bran the Builder and King Dorren and-  First things first. It's a long march ahead. And then we have to take the castle.  Is there going to be a battle?  Aye, princess, but you won't be anywhere near -  That's enough talk of battle, Ser Davos. You'll scare the child.  Yes, my queen.  I'm not scared.  Well, I am. When the battle comes, promise you'll protect me.  (Smiling). I promise. Shireen looks back at Gilly. Selyse catches her, and she looks down and away. Jon walks through the courtyard. He and Stannis meet on some stairs.  I hope you know what you're doing with these wildlings. I need those ships.  You'll get them back, I swear it. Have a safe journey, Your Grace. And thank you. Jon watches Stannis walk away and get on his horse. He makes eye contact with Melisandre, but she looks away. Stannis and his army begin leaving. Missandei watches over Grey Worm. He suddenly gets up, startling her.  You're still too weak. (He lays back down).  (Valyrian) How long have I been here?  (Valyrian) Three days. He looks at her. His face is bruised.  Ser Barristan? Missandei shakes her head.  (Valyrian) I failed him. I failed my men, I failed my queen.  (Valyrian) You failed no one. You fought bravely. Youll fight again. (In Common Tongue) Are you ashamed? You were ambushed, outnumbered. There was no way you could have known.  This is not why. Wounded in war, there is no shame for this. I am ashamed because when the knife go in and I fall to the ground, I am afraid.  All men fear death.  No, not death. I fear I never again see Missandei from the Island of Naath. Missandei looks down, on the verge of tears. She gets up and lies down in the bed with him, caressing his face, and then kissing him. Missandei and Daenerys stand, talking.  Now you have given the Masters what they deserve.  If I give everyone what they deserve, I'll have no one left to rule. Ser Barristan counseled mercy when I took this city right up to the morning he died. Daario Naharis thinks I should kill the former Masters and let the rest of the city fend for itself. What do you think?  Your Grace, I think that I am not fit to have an opinion on these matters.  (Sitting down). You are as fit as anyone I know. You know why I'm here. And you know who will suffer the most if this all falls apart. So what do you think?  I can only tell you what I have seen, Your Grace. (Sitting down). I have seen you listen to your counselors. I have seen you lean on their experience when your own was lacking and weigh the choices they put before you. And I have seen you ignore your counselors, because there was a better choice. One that only you could see. Daenerys is led by Unsullied to a room in a dungeon. The door is opened to reveal Hizdahr. She enters, and he kneels before her.  My, my queen, please do not do this.  What about "Valar Morghulis"?  I did not want to die a coward. Apparently I do not want to die at all. (Sniffles).  It takes courage to admit fear. And to admit a mistake. I came here to tell you that I was wrong. I was wrong and you were right. About tradition. About bringing the people of this city together. I will reopen the fighting pits. To free men only. Slavery will never return to Meereen, not while I live.  Yes, my queen.  And in order to forge a lasting bond with the Meereenese people, I will marry the leader of an ancient family. (Hizdahr nods). Thankfully a suitor is already on his knees. Hizdahr looks surprised. Daenerys faintly smiles, and then leaves. Hizdahr is left in the cell, with the door wide open. Tyrion wakes up and feels his head.  Don't worry. I'll be fine. Nothing broken, I don't think. Where are we now? Not the Rhoyne. (No response). Long, sullen silences and an occasional punch in the face. The Mormont way. Let's start over. I apologize for before. My mouth sometimes runs away from me. This doesn't have to be an unpleasant trip. We're going to be spending a lot of time together on the way to Meereen.  We are.  What would make our time together truly enjoyable would be some wine.  No wine.  I am a person who drinks. People who drink need to keep drinking. Otherwise, they're not Jorah stands up and looks ahead. Tyrion turns as well. A large bank of fog lies ahead of the boat.  I know where we are. You're taking us through Valyria.  I am.  Have you sailed this route before?  No.  You're going to bring Daenerys a souvenir from her ancestral homeland in case I'm not enough?  I think you'll be plenty.  You know what they say. The Doom still rules Valyria. What about the demons and the flames? Aren't you afraid of the Doom?  No. But the pirates are.  Oh.  The Smoking Sea. How many centuries before we learn how to build cities like this again? Thousands of years the Valyrians were the best in the world at almost everything. And then -  And then they weren't.  And then they weren't. "They held each other close and turned their backs upon the end. The hills that split asunder and the black that ate the skies; The flames that shot so high and hot that even dragons burned; Would never be the final sights that fell upon their eyes. A fly upon a wall, the waves the sea wind whipped and churned -"  "The city of a thousand years, and all that men had learned; The Doom consumed it all alike, and neither of them turned."  I would clap. He holds up his bound hands. Jorah smirks.  I suppose this is it, then. This is what remains. They look at the approaching ruins of the city. Suddenly Tyrion spots Drogon passing overhead. He stands up. Both of them look up and watch as he passes. Behind Tyrion, someone hops in the water. Jorah hears the splash and turns to see the ripples.  What was that? The boat passes into a tunnel. A Stone Man jumps down into the boat from the ceiling.  Stone Men! Don't let them touch you! Jorah hits the stone man from behind before he gets to Tyrion. They begin fighting. Another stone man jumps into the water and begins trying to get on the boat. Tyrion tries to keep him off. Jorah manages to push the first man into the water. He then begins fighting the other one.  Get behind!  Mormont, cut me free! (Jorah falls into the water). Mormont! Jorah climbs back onto the boat and fights off the stone man. He manages to get his sword and cuts the stone man. The other stone man inches his way towards Tyrion.  Mormont! Mormont! Jorah cuts through the stone man he was fighting and pushes him into the water. Tyrion rolls into the water to avoid the other one. He desperately tries to remove the rope around his hands. A stone man grabs his ankle and begins attempting to pull him down. The screen fades to black. After a few moments, we see Tyrions perspective. Jorah stands over him as his eyes slowly blink open.  (Faintly). Tyrion? Tyrion. Tyrion. Tyrion. You're all right. Tyrion looks around. Jorah helps him up. He unsheathes his knife and cuts Tyrions binds.  You're heavier than you look. Did any of them touch you?  (Shakes his head). You? (Jorah shakes his head). I've seen greyscale before, but nothing like that.  I suppose that's why they send them there.  It'd be kinder to put daggers in their hearts and be done with it. (Jorah spits). Thank you for saving me. Of course, I wouldn't have needed saving if you hadn't kidnapped me in the first place. (Jorah gets up). So what now?  We walk, up the coast. With luck, we'll find a fishing village. Maybe another boat.  Without luck?  We've got a long walk ahead of us. I'll get some wood for a fire. Try to get some rest, huh?  That's the best idea you've had all day. Jorah walks away. After looking out for a moment, he stops, and pulls up his sleeve. He examines his wrist, which has the beginnings of greyscale. After a moment, he begins walking again.  Your Grace, I want to say--  You will not speak. How do I know you are who you say you are?  If only I were otherwise.  If you are Tyrion Lannister why shouldnt I kill you? To pay your family back for what it did to mine  You want revenge against the Lannisters? I killed my mother Joanna Lannister the day I was born. I killed my father Tywin Lannister with a bow to the heart. I am the greatest Lannister killer of our time.  So I should welcome you into my service because you murdered members of your own family?  Into your service? Your Grace we have only just met. Its too soon to know if you deserve my service.  If youd rather return to the fighting pits just say the word.  When I was a young man I heard a story about a baby born during the worst storm in living memory. She had no wealth, no lands, no army, only a name and a handful of supporters, most of whom probably thought they could use that name to benefit themselves. They kept her alive, moving her from place to place, often hours ahead of the men who had been sent to kill her. She was eventually sold off to some warlord on the edge of the world and that appeared to be that. And then a few years later the most well informed person I knew told me that this girl without wealth, lands, or armies had somehow acquired all 3 in a very short span of time, along with three dragons. He thought she was our best, last chance to build a better world. I thought you were worth meeting at the very least.  And why are you worth meeting? Why should I spend my time listening to you?  Because you can not build a better world on your own. You have no one at your side who understands that land you want to rule. The strengths and the weaknesses of the houses that will either support or oppose you.  I have a very large army and very large dragons.  Killing and politics arent always the same thing. When I served as Hand of the King I did quite well with the latter considering the king in question preferred torturing animals to leading his people. I could do an even better job advising a ruler worth the name.  So you want to advise me. Very well. (looks to Jorah) What would you have me do with him? I swore I would kill him if he ever returned.  I know.  Why should the people trust a queen who cant keep her promises?  Whomever Ser Jorah was when he started informing on you, he is no longer that man. I cant remember seeing the same man as devoted to anything as he is to serving you. He claims he would kill for you and die for you, and nothing I have witnessed gives me reason to doubt him. And yet he did betray you. Tyrion approaches Daenerys and Missandei. Her guards raise their spears to her. Daenerys waves them off.  Did he have an opportunity to confess his betrayals?  Yes, many opportunities.  And did he?  No. Not until forced to do so.  He worships you. He is in love with you, I think. But he did not trust you with the truth - an unpleasant truth, to be sure - but one of great significance to you. He did not trust that you would be wise enough to forgive him.  So I should kill him?  A ruler who kills those that are devoted to her is not a ruler that inspires devotion. And youre going to need to inspire devotion, and lots of it, if youre ever going to rule across the Narrow Sea. But you cannot have him by your side when you do.  Remove Ser Jorah from the city. Daenerys and Jorah hold back tears. Jorah is escorted out of the Pyramid. Jorah checks his Greyscale and walks away. The Septa holds water out to Cersei.  Confess.  My son. Let me speak to-- She slaps Cersei with a spoon.  Confess. I meant it.  My face will be the last thing you see before-- She slaps her with a spoon again then leaves. Cersei starts screaming.  My name is Lana. Im an orphan. When I was 8 I begged enough money to buy my first bucket of oysters, and I sold that bucket and made enough money to buy 2 more. Arya pushes an oyster cart through a crowded market.  Iit took a while but I finally saved enough to buy myself an oyster cart. Now every morning I make my way down to the canals. I pass the fish mongers and the bakers. I usually see Lhara, my first customer of the day on my way home. Then I turn left onto Moonsinger Lane-- Jaqen slaps her.  Left onto Ragman Lane, where I do most of my trade.  Lana is very impressive. Very industrious. She will make a fine servant for the Many Faced God.  How will she serve him?  She will no longer turn left onto Ragman Lane. She will turn right and go to Ragman Harbor.  What will she do there?  She will see.  See what?  How can a man tell a girl this. If he knew what she would see, there would be no reason to send her.  Oysters, clams and cockles! Arya takes a right with the cart.  Oysters clams and cockles! Oysters clams and cockles!  Your oysters fresh?  Best in the city.  You wouldnt lie to an old man would you? Arya cracks an oyster and hands him one he slurps it.  Very nice. Give me 4. With vinegar. A man throws a bag of money and a map on the Thin Mans table.  Its my 18th voyage. Ive returned from all of them without a scratch on me.  Cant do it.  Please I have 3 children. Without me-- here take it you have to, I have 3 children, what will they do? Please you have to! Please! You dont understand? He is carried away as the Thin Man slurps the oyster  The man is a gambler. He wages that his sailor's ship will make it to its destination. It is a strange wager for the captain. He only wins if he loses his life.  So why would a captain make the wager in the first place?  A girl tells a man that she has seen.  If the captain dies, the thin man pays his family a lot of money.  But perhaps the gambler loses his bet and decides that he doesnt have to pay after all. A destitute woman and her small child, what can they do to such a man if he keeps their money for himself? To whom can they turn for recourse? Arya looks to see a man praying on the floor.  The Many Faced God. You said you didnt know what I would see at the docks.  A man had no idea what she would see and what she would not. A girl named Lana will return to the docks. She will watch the gambler. She will come to know as much about him as she knows about herself.  And then what?  A gift for the Thin Man. He holds up a clear vile. Arya takes the vile, smiling.  She is not ready.  Perhaps she is, perhaps shes not.  And if shes not?  It is all the same to the Many Faced God. Qyburn enters the cell and bows.  The trial will take place. The High Sparrow will be presenting a substantial case against you.  The charges?  Fornication, treason, incest, the murder of King Robert.  All lies.  Of course, Your Grace. My concern is that The Faith does not adhere to the same standards of proof as the crown. And I hope youll excuse me for saying it, but belief is so often the death of reason.  I wish youd said it sooner. Any word from Jaime?  Im afraid not. Your Grace, Grand Maester Pycelle has summoned your Uncle Kevan back from Casterly Rock to serve as Hand of the King. He now presides over the small council.  Tell him I need to speak to him.  I implored him to visit you but he would not.  What about my son, the king? If you can visit me then surely the king--  Your arrest, and Queen Margaerys arrest, the king has not taken well. He remains in his chambers, his servants often find his food in the hall. Left untouched.  You need to talk to him, you need to talk to my son to come and see me, come and see his mother.  I tried my grace, he wouldnt see me. He wouldnt see anyone.  I cant stay here.  There is a way, Your Grace. A way out.  Confess? To the High Sparrow? I wont. I made him. I rose him up from nothing, I will not kneel before some barefooted commoner and beg his forgiveness. The septa enters the room.  Goodbye my queen. The work continues. Qyburn leaves the cell. Theon enters Sansas room and sets food down.  Why. Why Theon.  Not Theon. There is no Theon. Reek.  Reek. Why did you tell him, Reek?  I was helping you. You were trying to escape, there is no escape. Not ever. Theon Greyjoy tried to escape. The master knew. He knows everything. He hunted him, he caught him, he strapped him to a cross, and cut away piece after piece until there was no Theon left.  Good. If it werent for you Id still have a family. If I could do to you what Ramsay did to you right here, right now, I would.  I deserved everything. I deserve to be Reek. I did terrible things. Turned on Robb. Captured Winterfell. Killed those boys.  They werent those boys, they were Bran and Rickon. They were your brothers, youd know them since they were born.  They werent. They were only--  Only what?  I cant..  Tell me!  I cant, not unless the master says...  Tell me, they werent what?!  They werent... SANSA Tell me why Bran and Rickon should be dead while you still breathe the air. Tell me to my face Theon, tell me that they werent your brothers!  They werent Bran and Rickon! I couldnt find them. It was two farm boys. I killed them and burned them so no one would know.  You didnt? Theon shakes his head no.  Do you know where they went, Bran and Rickon?  I cant talk to you anymore.  Theon, you have to tell me, do you have any idea where Bran and Rickon--  Not Theon, Reek! Theon runs out the door.  Our scouts tells us hes got no more than 6000 men. More than half of them are mounted, however.  And how high can Stannis horses jump? Our walls have been full repaired our walls have been reinforced. We have enough food for six months. We are more prepared for a siege than they could have ever been. All we have to do is wait for them to freeze, starve, and mutiny. Ramsay gives a disagreeing look.  You disagree?  Stannis isnt from the North. You are, father. I think youre missing an opportunity to show the people of the North how House Bolton treats southern invaders.  And what do you recommend?  That we not sit and wait to let Stannis to decide what type of fight this is going to be. That we hit first, and hit hard, and leave a feast for the crows.  A smart commander does not surrender a defensive advantage. As long as we stay behind these walls they cant touch us. Not to mention that the snow is so deep that we couldnt get an army through if we wanted to.  I dont need an army. I need 20 good men.  So have you decided yet? Whether Im worthy of your service?  Have you decided yet whether youre going to have me killed?  Its probably my safest option.  I can see why you would think so. Its what your father would have done.  And what would your father do?  My father? Who publicly sentenced me to death? Id say his thoughts on having me killed were abundantly clear.  Is that why you killed him?  Some day if you decide not to execute me, Ill tell you all about why I killed my father. And on that day, should it ever come, well need more wine than this.  I know what my father was. What he did. I know the Mad King earned his name.  So here we sit, two terrible children of two terrible fathers.  Im terrible?  Ive heard stories.  Why did you travel to the other side of the world to meet someone terrible?  To see if you were the right kind of terrible.  Which kind is that?  The kind that prevents your people from being even more so.  I did reopen the fighting pits. Under my rule murder will once again become entertainment.  Yes, that was wise. And you agreed to marry someone you loathed for the greater good. Very impressive. My own sister married someone she loathed as well, though not by choice and certainly not for the greater good, Gods forbid. She ended up having him killed.  Perhaps it wont come to that.  Its not impossible that Varys was right about you after all.  Varys? King Roberts spy master?  Yes. He was the one who convinced me to come find you. He was my travelling companion before Ser Jorah seized that role for himself.  Jorah sent my secrets to Varys. For 20 years the spider oversaw the campaign to find and kill me.  He did what he had to do to survive. He did a lot of other things that he didnt have to do. I suspect hes the main reason you werent slaughtered in your crib.  But you trust him?  Yes, oddly. He might be the only person in the world that I trust. Besides my brother.  The brother who killed my father.  Thats the one.  Perhaps I will have you killed after all.  Your queenly prerogative. I had given up on life until Varys convinced me you might be worth living for. You chop off my head? Well, my final days were interesting.  Im not going to kill you.  No? Banish me?  No.  So if Im not going to be murdered, and Im not going to be banished...  Youre going to advise me. (takes his wine cup) While you can still speak in complete sentences.  Advise you on what?  How to get what I want.  The Iron Throne. Perhaps you should try wanting something else.  If I want jokes Ill get myself a proper fool.  Im not entirely joking. Theres more to the world than Westeros after all. How many hundreds of thousands of lives have you changed for the better here? Perhaps this is where you belong. Where you can do the most good.  I fought so that no child born into Slavers Bay would ever know what it was like to be bought or sold. I will continue that fight here and beyond. But this is not my home.  And when you get back to your home, who supports you?  The common people.  Lets be generous and assume thats going to happen. Here in Slavers Bay you had the support of the common people and only the common people. What was that like, ruling without the rich? House Targaryen is gone, not a single person who shares your blood is alive to support you. The Starks are gone as well, our two terrible fathers saw to that. The remaining Lannisters wont back you, not ever. Stannis Baratheon wont back you either, his entire claim to the Throne depends on the illegitimacy of yours. That leaves the Tyrells. Not impossible, but not enough.  Lannister, Targaryen, Baratheon, Stark, Tyrell. Theyre all just spokes on a wheel. This one's on top, then that ones on top and on and on it spins, crushing the people on the ground.  Its a beautiful dream. Stopping the wheel. Youre not the first person to have dreamt it.  Im not going to stop the wheel. Im going to break the wheel. Two gladiators spar. Jorah walks to the pit. The master whistles for them to stop fighting. Jorah flips him a coin.  You said whoever wins would fight at the Great Pit in front of the queen. I won.  You struck me.  Ive been flogged if it makes you happy. Im the best youve got. If I win at the Great Pit how much can you sell me for?  Youre a free man, you could have gone anywhere, why did you come back?  Let me fight for her and I belong to you.  Thirsty? Confess.  Ill get out of here, you realize. Before long.  Confess.  I can make you a wealthy woman. A lady of the court.  Confess.  I can make sure you die in the most hideous way imaginable, and all I do is sit here imagining ways for you to die. She dumps her water out on the floor. Cersei licks it from the floor when she leaves.  Does it hurt?  No.  Good.  How are you?  Im not the one who got punched and kicked in the face.  You know what I mean.  Im good.  Are you scared?  A little.  Me too. There is a knock on the door. Sam grabs his knife.  Whos there?  Olly. Sam puts the knife down.  Come in.  I heard what happened.  Not to worry. Men brawl from time to time. Its only natural. Olly sets a tray of food on Sams bed.  Figured you were hungry.  Youre a good lad.  Wanted to ask you something. (Olly looks at Gilly) If youve got the time.  I need to check on baby Sam. She exits the room.  Now then. How can I help?  Its about the Lord Commander.  Yes?  Hes going up to Hardhome to save all them wildlings. Wildlings killed my mom and dad. They killed everyone in my village.  Weve been fighting them for years.  This wasnt a fight. We were farmers and they slaughtered us. So whys he saving them?  Wildlings are people, just like us. There are good ones and bad ones.  The one hes travelling with, the one with the red beard, he led the raid on my village.  Olly...  How can he trust him?  Ive seen the army of the dead. Ive seen the white walkers, and theyre coming for us, for all the living. And when its time well need every last man we can find.  But what if we let the wildings through the gates and they cut our throats while we sleep?  Jons taking a risk, but he has to. We dont stand a chance otherwise. Sometimes a man has to make hard choices, choices that might look wrong to others but you know are right in the long run.  You believe that?  With all my heart. Olly looks conflicted. He walks towards the door.  Try not to worry Olly. Ive been worrying about Jon for years. He always comes back. The ships full of Crows and wildlings dock at Hardhome. Jon and Tormund get out together. The camera fixates on the swords on their hips.  You trust me Jon Snow?  Does that make me a fool?  We are fools together now. They walk to meet the men and women of Hardhome, lead by the Lord of Bones.  Lord of Bones. Been a long time.  Last time I saw you the little crow was your prisoner. The other way around now. What happened?  War.  You call that a war? The greatest army the North has ever seen cut to pieces by a southern king.  We should gather the elders find somewhere quiet to talk.  You dont give the orders here.  Im not giving an order.  Why arent you in chains?  Hes not my prisoner.  What is he?  Were allies. The Hardhome wildlings complain loudly.  You fucking traitor! You fight for the crows now.  I dont fight for the crows.  Were not here to fight. Were here to talk.  Is that right? You and the pretty crow do a lot of talking, Tormund. And when youre done talking, do you get down on your knees and suck his cock-- Tormund grabs the Lord of Bones staff from him and beats him to death with it.  Gather the elders and lets talk. Jon is surrounded by Karsi, a Wildling chieftess, Loboda, a Thenn, a Wildling elder, and various other Wildlings.  My names Jon Snow. Im Lord Commander of the Nights Watch. Were not friends. Weve never been friends. We wont become friends today. This isnt about friendship. This is about survival. This is about putting a 700 foot wall between you and whats out there.  You built that wall to keep us out.  Since when do the crows give 2 shits if we live?  In normal times we wouldnt. But these arent normal times. The white walkers dont care if a mans Free Folk or Crow. Were all the same to them. Meat to their army. But together we can beat them.  Beat the white walkers? Good luck with that. Run from them, maybe. Jon holds the bag full of Dragonstone to Karsi. She looks at it hesitantly.  Its not a trick. Its a gift for those who join us. Karsi examine the glass in shock.  Dragonglass. A man of the Nights Watch used one of these daggers to kill a walker.  You saw this?  No. But I trust the man.  There are old stories about Dragonglass.  There are old stories about ice spiders big as hounds.  And with the things weve seen you dont believe them?  Come with me and I'll share these weapons.  Come with you where?  There are good lands south of the wall. The Night's Watch will allow you through the tunnel and allow your people to farm those lands. There is hesitation.  I knew Mance Rayder. He never wanted a war with the Nights Watch, he wanted a new life for his people. For you. Were prepared to give you that new life.  If?  If you swear you join us when the real war begins.  Where is Mance?  He died.  How?  I put an arrow through his heart. The wildlings in the cabin start to riot.  I say we send the Lord Commander back to Castle Black with no eyes. Loboda brandishes his axe. Tormund steps forward.  None of you saw Mance die! I did. The Southern King who broke our army, Stannis, wanted to burn him alive to send him a message. Jon Snow defied that cunts orders. His arrow was mercy. What it did took courage, and thats what we need today: the courage to make peace with men weve been fighting for generations.  I lost my father, my uncle, and 2 brothers fighting the damn crows.  Im not asking you to forget your dead. Ill never forget mine. I lost 50 brothers the night that Mance attacked the wall. But Im asking you to think about your children now. Theyll never have children of their own if we dont band together. The Long Night is coming and the dead come with it. No clan can stop them. The free folk cant stop them. The Nights Watch cant stop them. And all the southern kings cant stop them. Only together, all of us, and even then it might not be enough, but at least then well give the fuckers a fight. There are small nods of approval throughout the room.  You vouch for this man, Tormund?  Hes prettier than both my daughters, but he knows how to fight. Hes young, but he knows how to lead. He didnt have to come to Hardhome. He came because he needs us. And we need him.  My ancestors would spit on me if I broke bread with a crow.  So would mine, but fuck 'em, theyre dead. Karsi walks in front of Jon. Ill never trust a man in black. Karsi walks over to Tormund. But I trust you, Tormund. If you say this is the way, were with you.  This is the way.  Im with Tormund. We stay here were dead men. At least with King Crow theres a chance.  Tormund.  Keep that new life you want to give us. Keep your glass, King Crow. Soon as you get on his ships theyre gonna slit your throats and dump your bodies to the bottom of the Shivering Sea. Thats our enemy. That has always been our enemy. Wildlings start leaving the cabin and head towards the boats.  I fucking hate Thenns. Tormund nods. Jon, Tormund, and Karsi lead the Wildlings to the boats.  How many are with us? 5000?  Im not good at counting.  Were leaving too many behind.  The free folk are stubborn. You know how long it took Mance to band them together. 20 fucking years.  And he knew them better than I ever will.  Theyre running out of food and theres nothing to hunt. Theyll come around. Cut to Karsi loading two children onto a boat.  Johnna is gonna look after you. Shes in charge, you listen to her.  I wanna go with you.  I need to get the old folks on the boats. Im right behind you, I promise. (she kisses them on the forehead) Go on. The Giant picks up a piece of Dragonglass and strokes it intently. Edd begins picking up the pieces of glass and looks at the giant with his piece of glass. Wun Wun turns to Edd and stares at him annoyed.  Lokh kif rukh? Edd leaves. Dogs are barking outside. Jon loads girls onto a boat then turns to hear the dogs barking. The wind starts whipping from a neighboring cliff and the dogs start whimpering. Every wildling and Crow slowly turns to the source of the noise.  Shut the gate. Men hurry towards the gate to board it up. More howling from the distance. The Wildlings on the other side of the gate begin charging the gate.  Shut the gate!! Men rush to put a board in place to hold the gate shut.  Wait! Open the gate! Let us in! Help us! Please open it! Loboda walks to the gate with his axe and peers through a small hole in the wall. There is a faint scream in the distance, then a wight charges at the hole in the wall.  Ready your arrows! The wights claw at the gate. Arrows are nocked and fired. A wight sticks his hand through the gate and Loboda chops it off. There is a mad rush towards the boats with many people jumping in the water to catch one.  Get in line! Get in line! A wight tries to climb the gate. Wights crawl to the top of the cabin and jumps through the hole in the roof. The men prepare their weapons and the giant growls. One wight tries to climb under the gate. A barrage of arrows flies at the wights trying to get through the wall. Most of them land. The wight crawls even further under the gate. The wights start making holes in the gate. A sword sticks through the gate coming close to Loboda on the gate. Loboda dodges the sword, looks down to see the wight crawling under the gate, and stomps its head in. The people continue to rush onto the boats with Jon, Tormund, and Karsi leading them.  Hold the line! Hold the line!  Lord Commander!  Get them to the ship and come back for me!  But youll never make it--  Now! Karsi approaches Jon.  You should be on one of those boats.  So should you ! My little girl has gone on. They're gonna let them pass the wall even if youre not there ?  You have my word. Ive given orders.  Dont think youre gonna be there to enforce those orders ! Karsi heads back to helping people onto the boats.  If they get through, everyone dies !  Nights Watch with me! Move! Move! Move! Jon, Tormund, Karsi, and the Nights Watch brothers charge from the shore to the gate. The wights have knocked a hole into the gate big enough to crawl out of. One breaks through, tears someone apart, and then is taken down. A group of wights storm through the same hole. Cut to an overhead that shows just how many wights are behind the gate. Jon arrives at the gate. He pins a wight to the gate with Longclaw as Tormund and Karsi kill the wights that have already gotten through. The archers take out the wight Jon pinned to the gate, and then the men cover the hole the wights had been escaping from with a sled. Fighting continues. A group of wights tear into a Crow. Loboda and Karsi continue to kill the wights. Jon looks up through the mist and sees 4 White Walkers on horseback on the top of the cliff.  The Dragonglass!  Youre with me, lad! Now! Jon and Loboda charge towards the cabin. Jon cuts a wight in half then kills another. The giant breaks through a wall in the cabin as the cabin starts to go down in flames. He shakes the wights off of his back, snapping some in half and stomping others into pieces. Jon and Loboda storm the cabin. The entire cabin is on fire. A White Walker wielding a staff walks towards them through the fire.  Get the glass. Loboda walks towards the White Walker as Jon scrambles towards the Dragonglass. Loboda misses with his axe twice, getting it caught in the wall. He pulls it out to parry in time, but the Walkers spear shatters his axe. The Walker plunges his spear through Loboda's stomach. Jon reaches the glass but is thrown across the room by the Walker before he can pick it up, causing Longclaw to fly out of the cabin. Jon ducks from the Walkers swings with his spear, and runs out to grab another sword. The Walker swings and shatters the sword. He knocks Jon down again. Jon struggles, then gets up again, running to pick up Longclaw. He stumbles and drops the sword. The White Walker staggers towards him. Jon picks up Longclaw just in time to match the White Walker, and to both of their surprises, Longclaw stops the Walkers spear. The Walker deflects one blow from Jon, but then he swings and shatters the Walker into pieces. Jon falls to the ground after the struggle. The Nights King watches him alone from the top of the cliff. Tormund and Karsi continue to tear through wights. Karsi looks up, and sees a group of blue-eyed wight children staring at her. They do nothing for a moment, then charge at her, chewing and clawing her to death. Cut to Jon crawling across the snow, coughing up blood. A man grabs him and Jon puts Longclaw to his neck. The man turns out to be Edd and they lower their weapons.  The Dragonglass!  Fuck the glass! Were gonna die here. A screech comes from the top of the cliff. Hundreds of wights dive from the top of the cliff. They appear to have died for a brief moment after landing, but then wake up and charge at Jon and Edd. Cut to Tormund continuing to hold the gate. The gate starts creaking then comes down. Tormund runs to the boat. The giant starts roaring as the other gate comes down, swinging a fiery log. Jon, Tormund, and Edd sprint towards the boat with the giant clearing a path for them with the log. The Nights King continues to watch them from the top of the cliff. Jon, Tormund, and the Crow jump off the dock onto the boat.  Go! Go! Go!  Wun Wun, to the sea. The giant stays back, continuing to take out loads of wights by swinging his flaming log. He begins to walk towards the boat, ripping the wights hanging onto him off of his back and throwing them into the water to die.  Lets go now! Now! Jon looks back to shore to see the Wights, along with a White Walker, killing the last surviving wildlings. Slowly, a figure walks to the end of the dock. The camera pans up to reveal the Nights King. He stares at Jon and Jon stares back. The Nights King turns his head to the carnage at the edge of the shore and then looks back to Jon. He slowly starts raising his arms.The dead wildlings twitch, then open their eyes to reveal blue. Karsii comes back to life, blue-eyed . They all start standing up, joining the army of the dead, and staring at Jon. Jon can do nothing but stare back at the Nights King back as the boat drifts away. A man walks by each of the tents. Melisandre stares into the fire. She exits the tent. Melisandre surveys the camp. In the distance, a tent catches on fire. Men start screaming and rushing out of their tents. A burning horse runs by Melisandre.  A band of 20 men, maybe less. They were in and out before anyone spotted them, burnt our food stores to the ground, all our siege weapons were destroyed, dozens of tents were--  Horses?  Were still getting a count, but hundreds are dead.  20 men rode into our camp without a single guard sounding the alarm?  The northerners know more about their land than we ever will.  Put last nights guards in chains, either they fell asleep or they were conspiring with the enemy. Find out the truth and then hang them.  Unless theres a thaw, we cant press forward to Winterfell, and we dont have enough food to get us back to Castle Black.  Were not returning to Castle Black.  Forgive me, Your Grace, I never claimed to be an expert in military matters. But if we cant march forward, and we wont march back Stannis looks to Melisandre and Selyse. Davos follows his gaze then looks back.  Have the dead horses butchered for meat. Stannis walks over to Melisandre. The Hardhome survivors, led by Jon, Tormund, Tollett, and Wun-Wun, approach the wall. Alliser looks down at the group. Jon steps forward, Alliser stares for a moment, then--  Open the gates. The lower gate is lifted. The Hardhome Wildlings are being escorted through Castle Black.  It was a failure.  It wasnt.  I went to save them, I failed.  You didnt fail him, or him, or her. Every one of them is alive because of you, and no one else.  I dont think that facts lost on them. Cut to many men of the Nights Watch glaring at Jon, then Olly who exchanges a long look with Jon from the top of the stairs. Alliser walks down the steps to Jon.  You have a good heart, Jon Snow. It will get us all killed. Stannis is studying his chessboard. There are 2 Baratheon pieces next to a sword and opposed to 2 Bolton pieces. Davos enters the tent.  You sent for me, Your Grace.  Find you some healthy horses and a few good men to guard you, Im sending you back to Castle Black. Tell the Lord Commander to send food, supplies, fresh horses, in return when I take the throne Ill make sure the Nights Watch has all the men it requires. He can guard all 19 castles if he so wishes.  Your Grace, youve named me your Hand.  Yes.  The Kings Hand should never abandon the King, especially in a time of war.  Youre not abandoning me, youre obeying a command.  A boy with a scroll could deliver this message.  And if Jon Snow refuses a boy with a scroll, what does the boy say? I didnt name you hand for your expertise in military matters, ride for Castle Black, dont come back empty handed.  Your Grace, perhaps Queen and Princess Shireen could accompany me.  My family stays with me.  At least let me take Shireen. A siege is no place for a little girl.  My family stays with me. The men are shivering, waiting in line for food. Davos walks by. Shireen is reading one of her books. Davos enters.  Whats this one now?  "The Dance of Dragons: A True Telling" by Grand Maester Munkun.  Well that sounds like a proper story.  Ser Byron Swann wanted to kill the dragon Vhagar. He polished his shield for a week, til the steel was like a mirror. Then he crouched behind it, and crept forward, hoping the dragon would only see his own reflection.  But the dragon only saw a dumb man, holding a mirrored shield.  And burnt him to a crisp. Davos and Shireen share a laugh.  Thus ending the dragonslaying career of Ser Byron Swann. I made you something, Princess. Davos hands her a stag carved out of wood.  Do you like it?  Hes beautiful. Shireen kisses him on the cheek.  Thank you.  Youre very welcome.  Will you make me a doe, too, so that he can have company?  Of course I will.  But why am I getting a present?  Because you deserve it. My son was always on me trying to teach me to read. Gods, I was stubborn about it. Made it this far without reading, seemed to me I could make it to the grave. I wish I had listened to them. This is my own poor way of saying thank you for teaching me to be a grown up. (beat) Ill be gone for a few days, Princess. Ill want to hear all about the dance of dragons when Im back.  Youll just have to read it yourself. Davos kisses Shireen on her forehead then leaves. Shireen looks over the stag. Jaime is escorted by Areo to Dorans room.  Prince Doran. (bows)  Forgive us, we started without you. Please, sit.  Princess Myrcella.  Uncle.  What a lovely dress.  You dont like it?  You must be cold.  Not at all. The Dornish climate agrees with me.  Prince Trystane. Hows your jaw?  A fleabite.  What are you doing in Dorne?  Looking out for the safety of my niece, the princess Myrcella.  And rather than send a raven or speak to me directly you decided to enter my country in secret and abduct our guest by force.  We received a threatening message. The princesss necklace in the jaws of a viper. Jaime looks at Ellaria.  That necklace was stolen from my room. Doran looks at Ellaria. A servant sets down food and drink before Jaime.  Ah. Excellent. The last meal before the beheading.  We cant behead you. Many in Dorne want war. But Ive seen war. Ive seen the bodies piled on the battlefields. Ive seen the orphans starving in the cities. I dont want to lead my people into that hell.  No, you want to break bread with the Lannisters.  And that is precisely what we are doing. (raises glass) Let us drink to Tommen, the first of his name, the King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms. Everyone drinks. Ellaria dumps her cup out on the floor and looks at Doran.  King Tommen insists on his sisters return to the capital?  Im afraid he does.  I cannot disobey my Kings command. (Ellaria glares at Doran) She will return with you to Kings Landing. And my son, Prince Trystane, will accompany you both. If the alliance between Dorne and the Iron Throne is to continue, their engagement must stand.  I accept.  One more thing. My brother was named to the small council before his death. Your father understood the importance of keeping Dorne in the loop. With Oberyn gone, Trystane will take his place on the small council.  You have my word.  The word of a Kingslayer. Ellaria gets up and walks to Doran.  No wonder you cant stand. You have no spine. Ellaria tries to leave the room. Doran grabs her wrist.  You are mother to four of my nieces, girls I love very much. For their sake, I hope you live a long life. Talk to me that way again and you wont. Doran lets go. Ellaria leaves the room.  May I inquire into the fate of my man?  Tell me, Ser Jaime, in Kings Landing, how do they punish a commoner who strikes a prince?  He said it was just a fleabite. The fault is mine. Bronn is merely a soldier following my orders. If anyone should be punished its me.  Prince Trystane must learn judgement if hes to rule one day. Ill let him decide. Jaime looks to Trystane. Trystane considers.  I have learned the value of mercy from my father. I will set your man free.  Youre a good man.  On one condition. Bronn is laying on the ground in his cell. Tyene and Nymeria are playing a game where one tries to slap the others hand before they pull their hands away. Nymeria slaps Tyene.  Why do we play? Im better than you, Ill always be better than you. Have I ever missed once? I dont think, I cant recall. You must love humiliation or pain. Which do you love most? Humiliation or-- (slaps) -- pain? That one hurt didnt it? You going to cry? Give up, little sister.  Youre going to miss.  I never miss.  You will. Youre thinking too much. Now youre nervous. What if shes right? Nymeria slaps at Tyene and Tyene gets out of the way in time.  Luck.  Now its my turn.  Youre too slow. Youve always been too slow. Nymeria sticks her hands out and blows a kiss to Tyene. Tyene slaps her across the face then blows one back. They get in fighting stances as the guards arrive. They take Bronn out of his cell.  Am I going to be happy at the end of this walk?  Youll find out very soon. Bronn starts leaving the prison.  Say it one more time, handsome. Who am I?  The most beautiful woman in the world.  And thats the truth!  Slut. Tyene laughs. Areo escorts Bronn into Dorans room.  Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.  : I didnt realize there were knights of the Blackwater.  Only the one.  I believe youve already met Prince Trystane.  Prince. Sorry about the other day.  Prince Trystane here is a man of mercy. Hes agreed to grant you your freedom.  Im glad to hear it. The pie looks good.  There was one condition. Jaime nods to Areo. Areo elbows Bronn in the jaw, knocking him to the ground.  Perhaps some soup instead? Arya pushes her oyster cart through the street.  Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cock-- Two shady looking men approach her.  How much for your little clam? They laugh and walk away. Arya looks down the street and sees the Thin Man, looking over another sailors application.  Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels! Arya stops her cart, inspects the vile Jaqen gave to her, and tucks it back in her pouch. She starts pushing the cart again and makes eye contact with the Thin Man.  Come on. Arya stares off into the distance.  Some oysters, girl! Im talking to you! Girl?! Are you deaf? Girl?! Arya looks to the dock, and sees Meryn Trant and Mace Tyrell being helped off the boat. A Iron Banker approaches him and Arya starts walking away from the Thin Man and towards them.  Lord Tyrell! On behalf of the Iron Bank, may I be the first to welcome you to the free city of Braavos. I hope your journey was trouble free.  Bit of chop the last few days but nothing too awful. Good to see the old chap is still guarding the Harbor.  And how goes the harvest in the Reach?  Vintnors say this might be the best year for red grapes in half a century. If we come to a satisfactory arrangement, Ill be sure to send the Arbors finest your way.  Im afraid I dont partake. Arya studies the group, focuses in on Meryn, and begins following them with her cart.  Some consider usury distasteful, dishonorable. Pure nonsense, of course.  I'm glad we see eye-to-eye on this matter.  Did you know that at one point Maegor the third tried to outlaw it in the Seven Kingdoms? Wanted to arrest anyone caught charging interest and cut off both their hands. Meryn and Arya exchange quick looks at each other.  Most unfortunate for the glovers.  If a man charges low interest on a loan then he has nothing to gain and everything to lose, so why charge him? Whereas a reward makes a man willing to gamble.  We are not gamblers here at the Iron Bank, Lord Tyrell.  You are the world's best gamblers. And all those bets you won built this. Mace gestures to the Iron Bank and the camera cuts to it. Arya is waiting on the steps of the building opposite the bank, eating her oysters. The men start walking out of the Bank.  Im afraid I still have a good deal of work to do.  Oh, nonsense. Work's over. Do you sing?  I don't have that gift.  It's not a gift, its a skill, anyone can learn it. So give me a kiss by the Long Canall and give me two kisses in Salty Town, for we are going to die, tomorrow. The bareheaded beggar, the king with his crown Meryn Trant and his men walk through the doorway.  I thought that old shit would never stop singing.  It wasnt bad, though.  The Tyrells can all rot in hell, treasonous cunts. They were going to make that boy-fucker Renly king. They arrive at a door.  This is the place, lads. The sleekest little minks in Braavos.  Youre buying?  Oh, Im buying. But I never was good at sharing. They enter the brothel. Arya pulls up to the doorway with her cart and sees the men entering. Arya walks through the door with a tray of oysters. The brothel keeper stops her.  Sell your fish somewhere else.  Oh let her in, Brusco, Im hungry. Come here, sweetness. The brothel keeper gestures nods for Arya to go on. She walks to the prostitute and the man shes with.  They say oysters get the juices flowing. Well take half a dozen.  Three coppers. Arya begins cutting an oyster open.  Heres a silver because the lady likes you. The man places a silver on her tray in exchange for the oysters. Arya turns and sees Trants men being taken to a back room. Arya enters the room and peers through a divider to see a prostitute posing for Meryn.  Too old.  Brea. Brea poses for Meryn.  Too old.  I have just the one. Anara our most expensive girl, but well worth it, I assure you. A younger, 20-something prostitute poses for Meryn.  Too old. The people in the room share uneasy glances as they realize what hes asking for.  Do you have what I want or not?  Of course. Of course. One of Trants men crosses to the other side of the divider and confronts Arya.  Fresh? Come on, the lads are hungry. The man drags her into the room.  Nothing better for you cock stand than fresh oysters.  Ill have one. Meryn stares at Arya.  Who let this girl in? Shoo shoo! The head prostitute brings in a child.  Good. The head prostitute hands Meryn an hourglass. He hands it back.  Ill tell you when were done. He leads the girl towards a bedroom.  Youll have a fresh one for me tomorrow.  Of course. The head prostitute realizes Arya is still standing there.  Ill have you whipped, girl! Go on! Arya leaves the room, but takes one last glance at where Meryn is taking the girl. Jaqen kneels next to a man at the fountain of the center of the room and offers him a drink from the fountain.  Valaar morghulis. The man takes a drink. Arya approaches Jaqen.  And?  The Thin Man wasnt hungry today.  Perhaps thats why the man is thin. The man drops to the ground, creating a thud off-screen.  Tomorrow.  Tomorrow.  A girl has work to do. Arya walks towards the man who is now collapsed on the ground. Doran is addressing Ellaria with Areo standing guard next to the three Sand Snakes.  Your rebellion is over. You can swear your allegiance to me now, or you can die. She kneels and kisses his ring, crying. Nymeria and Obara look disgusted, Tyenes face reveals less.  I believe in second chances. I dont believe in third chances. Jaime is writing a letter in his former cell that is now unlocked. Ellaria enters.  You write like a 7 year old.  Your maester kindly agreed to copy it over for me.  He didnt try to make you pay?  Then maybe hes changed. The Queen will be thrilled to know youll be bringing her daughter home  She will.  You love her very much, dont you?  Of course, shes my niece.  I wasnt talking about her. Jaime looks up from his writing at Ellaria.  You think I disapprove. Why? Because people disapprove of that sort of thing where you are from? They disapproved of Oberyn and me where you are from. Here, no one blinked an eye. 100 years ago, no one would have blinked an eye at you if you had been named Targaryen. Its always changing, who were supposed to love and who were not.The only thing that stays the same is that we want who we want. Ellaria pauses, taking a walks around the room.  I know your daughter had no part in the terrible thing that happened to the man I loved. Perhaps even you were innocent of that. Ellaria exits the room. Shireen plays with her stag figurine next to a fire and on top of her book. Stannis enters the tent.  Father. Arent you cold?  No. What are you reading?  The Dance of Dragons.  Whats it about?  Its the story of the fight between Rhaenyra Targaryen and her half-brother Aegon for control of the Seven Kingdoms. Both of them thought they belonged on the Iron Throne. When people started for declaring for one of them or the other, their fight divided the kingdom in two. Brothers fought brothers. Dragons fought dragons. By the time it was over, thousands were dead. And it was a disaster for the Targaryens as well. They never truly recovered.  The dance of dragons? Why is that a dance?  Thats just what they call it.  Doesnt make much sense.  I think its poetic.  If you had to choose between Rhaenyra and Aegon, who would you have chosen?  I wouldnt have chosen either. Its all the choosing sides that made things so horrible.  Sometimes a person has to choose. Sometimes the world forces his hand. If a man knows what he is and remains true to himself, the choice is not choice at all. He must fulfill his destiny and become who he is meant to be. However much he may hate it.  Its alright, father.  You dont even know what Im talking about.  It doesnt matter. I want to help you. Is there any way I can help?  Yes there is.  Good, I want to. Im the Princess Shireen of House Baratheon and Im your daughter. They hug.  Forgive me. Shireen is flanked by guards as she walks towards a pyre, clutching the stag Davos gave her. When she arrives at the pyre Melisandre steps to the front.  Wheres my father? I want to see my father.  It will all be over soon, Princess. The men drag her to the pyre and tie her up.  Wheres my father? No you cant do this, father where are you?! Stannis watches on from the crowd.  Let me see my father! Where are you, please?!  Its what the Lord wants. Its a good thing. A great thing.  The year is now, my Lord. For you we offer up this girl, that you may cleanse her with your fire and that its light may lead our way.  If we dont act then well all starve here all of us, but if we make this sacrifice  Accept this token of our faith, my lord and lead us from the darkness. Lord of Light show us the way!  Mother, please mother! Mother, please mother!  I cant.  Theres no other way. She has Kings blood.  Lord of Light protect us, for the night is dark and full of terrors!  Mother, dont do this please! Please help! Dont do this! Please, father! Mother, help! Melisandre lights the pyre. Selyse runs towards the pyre and is stopped by Stannis men. Shireen burns as Melisandre, Selyse, and Stannis look on, Melisandre pleased, Selyse horrified, and Stannis conflicted.  No... Daenerys sits next to Missandei at the top of the pit, with an open seat between her and Tyrion at the end, and Daario standing behind them. Hizdahr takes the open seat.  Where have you been?  Just making sure everythings in order. Camera pans through the fighting pit to reveal it is covered with House Targaryen sigils. An announcer steps to the middle of the pit and waves his arm to silence the crowd.  Free citizens of Meereen! By the blessings of the Graces and her majesty the Queen, welcome to the Great Games! The Announcer raises his hands and the crowd begins to roar. Cut to Daenerys box - she and Missandei look disgusted, Daario looks impressed. Two gladiators enter the pit.  My queen, our first contest. Who will triumph: the strong or the quick?  I fight and die for your glory, oh glorious queen.  I fight and die for your glory, oh glorious queen. They stand waiting in front of her. The crowd is silent.  Theyre waiting for you. Clap your hands. Daenerys looks down at the two men. After a moment, and with a look of disgust on her face, she claps her hands. The crowd roars and they start fighting. After some parries, the Quick man slices at the Strong mans neck.  That one, the smaller man, no question, thats where you should put your money.  The smaller man it is.  Im not putting my money anywhere.  Kings and queens never bet on the games. Perhaps you should go find someone who does.  People used to bet against me when I fought in the pits. (looks at Hizdahr) He would have bet against me. Common novice mistake.  I have spent much of my life in Meereen, and in my experience, larger men do triumph over smaller man, far more often than not.  Has your experience ever involved any actual fighting? You, yourself, have you ever tried to kill a man that was trying to kill you? Hizdahr is silent.  Whenever I got into the pit against a beast like that one, the crowd saw me, all skin and bone back then, then they saw a pile of angry muscles ready to murder me. They couldnt get their money out fast enough. But the pile of angry muscles never had any muscles here (he puts a dagger to his neck) or here (he puts the dagger to Hizdahrs neck). And the big men were always too slow to stop my dagger from going where their muscles werent. Yes, whenever I saw a beast like that one, standing across from me making his beast faces, I knew I could rest easy. The Strong man decapitates the Quick man with one quick stroke. Hizdahr smiles and Daario looks turns away angrily. Tyrion says nothing.  You dont approve?  Theres always been more than enough death in the world for my taste. I can do without it in my leisure time.  Fair enough, yet -- its an unpleasant question -- but what great thing has ever been accomplished without killing or cruelty?  Its easy to confuse what is with what ought to be. Especially when what is has worked in your favor.  Im not talking about myself. Im talking about the necessary conditions of greatness. Cut to pit workers carrying the decapitated head out of the pit, leaving a trail of blood behind.  That is greatness?  That is a vital part of the great city of Meereen. Which has existed long before you arrived and will remain standing long after we have returned to the dirt.  My father would have liked you.  We ask again: who will triumph?  One day your great city will return to the dirt as well.  At your command?  If need be.  A Meereenese champion? The crowd applauds.  How many people will die to make this happen?  If it comes to that they would have died for a good reason.  Those men think theyre dying for a good reason.  Someone elses reason.  So your reasons are true, and theirs are false. They dont know their own minds, but you do.  Well said, youre an eloquent man. Doesnt mean youre wrong. In my experience, eloquent men are right every bit as often as imbeciles.  ...or a Westerosi Knight?! Crowd jeers.  I fight and die for your glory, oh glorious Queen. Daenerys stares at Jorah. They both hold back emotion.  Your Grace--  Shut your mouth. Daenerys claps. Jorah nods. They begin fighting, with Daenerys eyes following Jorah. He takes a blow to the mouth, is knocked down and starts bleeding. He gets up, has his sword knocked away, and pulls out a dagger. He wrestles with the man trying to choke him, throws him off, then stabs him in the chest. He pulls the dagger out, looking at Daenerys, throws it away, and picks up his longsword. Jorah squares off against a flashy fighter that just brutally stabbed another fighter through the back. He slices Jorah in the cheek. The other two fighters square off, with a heavily armored fighter wielding a spear killing his opponent. The crowd cheers. Jorahs opponent slices Jorahs arm then knocks him over, knocking his sword out of his hand. He holds his blade to Jorahs throat. Both he and Jorah look to Daenerys.  You can end this.  She cannot.  You can! The fighter holds his blade to Jorahs throat. He is about to make a move when the other fighter comes over and stabs Jorahs opponent in the back, killing him. Jorah gets up and faces the final opponent. Jorah matches the spearman, is knocked over, but catches the spear before it reaches his throat. He gets back up and the two face off again. Jorah spins, somersaults, and stabs him through the stomach, killing him. He looks up to Daenerys. Jorah reaches for his opponents spear. He picks it up and hurls it towards Daenerys seat. Daario rushes to protect Daenerys and everyone else gets out of the way. It connects with a Son of the Harpy. Cut to the crowd. Many audience members have put on Sons of the Harpy masks.  Protect your queen! The Sons of the Harpy start slitting the throats of former slaves and Unsullied in the crowd. Unsullied guards and Daario surround Daenerys and Missandei, fighting off the Harpys. Hizdahr starts running towards Daenerys.  Your Grace, Your Grace, come with me! I know a way out! I know a way-- Two Sons of the Harpy come up on Hizdahr from behind and stab him to death. They run at Daenerys. Daario takes one out, and Jorah comes up from the pit to take Hizdahrs spot and take out the other. He offers his hand to Daenerys and she takes it. He leads her down to the pit with Daario and the Unsullied, leaving Tyrion and Missandei. A Harpy comes towards Missandei. Tyrion comes from behind, pulls him to his knees, and slits his throat. He leads her down to the pit.  Stay close! Sons of the Harpy have began to rush the pit. Unsullied fight them off as Daenerys, Daario, and Jorah head towards a side exit.  This way! They run through the exit, but a door swings shut. A Son of the Harpy steps out and Jorah kills him.  The other side, follow me! They rush towards the other side and join up with Tyrion and Missandei.  Protect your queen! Jorah, Daario, and the Unsullied form a ring around Missandei, Daenerys, and Tyrion in the center of the pit. Sons of the Harpy begin to rush from the other exit they were heading towards. They surround the ring, testing out the outer ring before they begin rushing. A few make it past the outer ring but are killed by Daario. Missandei and Daenerys join hands and Daenerys closes her eyes. A roar is heard in the distance. All of the Harpys look up. Drogon appears, breathing fire and circling the pit. The Sons run away from Daenerys to the edge of the pit. One charges at her and Drogon rips him apart. He breathes fire on 4-5 of them at a time before a spear hits his back. 2 more spears connect and he starts slowing down.  Drogon! She takes a spear from his neck. He roars at her, but then closes his mouth. She slowly reaches to touch his nose. More spears are thrown at him by Sons of the Harpy and he turns to them and roars. Daario continues to fight off every Harpy that comes near her. Daenerys climbs onto Drogons back slowly.  Valahd.. Drogon runs towards the Harpys, starts flapping and then takes off from the Pit. He flies past the Pyramid and into the sky as Tyrion, Jorah, Daario, and Missandei stare up at him. A dragon roars in the distance. The Masters men are launching flaming projectiles at the Great Pyramid and surrounding city from their ships. DAENERYS watches from atop a balcony of the Great Pyramid. She returns to the interior, to the conference room where TYRION awaits. DAENERYS approaches him. An explosion occurs outside.  Despite appearances, I think youll find the citys on the rise. An explosion occurs outside.  Perhaps we should take shelter. An explosion occurs outside.  The city is on the rise?  Meereen is strong. Commerce has returned to the markets. The people are behind you. An explosion occurs outside.  Well, not all the people, of course. No ruler that ever lived had the support of all the people. But the rebirth of Meereen is the cause of this violence. The Masters cannot let Meereen succeed. Because if Meereen succeeds, a city without slavery, a city without Masters An explosion occurs outside.  ...it proves that no one needs a Master.  Good. Shall we begin?  Do we have a plan?  I will crucify the Masters. I will set their fleets afire, kill every last one of their soldiers, and return their cities to the dirt. That is my plan. TYRION tightens his jaw and looks away.  You dont approve?  You once told me you knew what your father was. Did you know his plans for Kings Landing when the Lannister armies were at his gates? An explosion occurs outside.  Probably not. Well, he told my brother and Jaime told me. He had caches of wildfire hidden under the Red Keep, the Guildhalls, the Sept of Baelor, all the major thoroughfares. He would have burned every one of his citizens. The loyal ones and the trators. Every man, woman, and child. Thats why Jaime killed him.  This is entirely different.  Youre talking about destroying cities. Its not entirely different. Id like to suggest an alternate approach. A blast causes the window across the room to explode inward, sending shards of wood flying everywhere. DAENERYS and TYRION duck, then turn to look at the window. DAENERYS, TYRION, GREY WORM, MISSANDEI, and an assembly of Unsullied stand across from the three Masters, YEZZAN ZO QAGGAZ, RAZDAL MO ERAZ, and BELICHO PAENYMION, and a group of their soldiers.  Once before, I offered you peace. If you had not been so arrogant, you could have returned to your homeland with a fleet of ships. Instead, you will flee Slavers Bay on foot like the beggar queen you are.  We are here to discuss terms of surrender, not to trade insults.  The terms are simple. You and your foreign friends will abandon the Great Pyramid and the city of Meereen. The Unsullied you stole from Kraznys mo Nakloz will remain to be sold again to the highest bidder. The translator you stole from Kraznys mo Nakloz will remain to be sold again to the highest bidder. The dragons beneath the Great Pyramid will be slaughtered.  We obviously didnt communicate clearly. Were here to discuss your surrender, not mine.  I imagine its difficult adjust to the new reality. Your reign is over.  My reign has just begun. A dragon screeches in the distance. YEZZAN turns to look in the direction of the screech. DROGON flies up over the plateau and lands on an overlooking structure. He roars and drops down beside DAENERYS. DAENERYS climbs on his back and they fly off over Meereen. When they pass over the entrance to the catacombs, RHAEGAL and VISERION bust down the door with flame and take flight to join them. The ensemble flies over the beach entrance to Meereen. A group of the Sons of the Harpy are slaughtering citizens of Meereen. Galloping footsteps can be heard in the distance. One of the Sons of the Harpy turns to look in the direction of the sound. The Dothraki horde led by DAARIO rounds the bend of a nearby cliff, yelling war cries and charging full force towards the Sons of the Harpy on horseback. DAARIO beheads a Son of the Harpy. DAENERYS and the dragons fly over the Masters ships. The soldiers on the ships stop what theyre doing and stare up at the dragons. DAENERYS and DROGON come to a halt and hover in front of one of the ships.  Dracarys. The dragons shoot stream of fire down at the the ship. The ship becomes engulfed in flame and the soldiers scream as they die. The ship incinerates and capsizes. GREY WORM steps forward and addresses the Masters soldiers.  You men have a choice: The Unsullied ready their spears. The Masters soldiers ready their swords.  ...fight and die for the masters who would never fight and die for you, or go home to your families. A dragon screeches in the distance. The Masters soldiers lay down their arms and run away.  Thank you for the armada. Our queen does love ships. Now, last time we spoke, we made a pact. You violated that pact. You declared war upon us. Though our queen does have a forgiving nature, this cannot be forgiven.  Our queen insists that one of you must die as punishment for your crimes.  It always seems a bit abstract, doesnt it, other people dying? RAZDAL grabs YEZZAN.  Him. He should die.  Yes, him. TYRION looks at GREY WORM.  Hes not one of us. Hes an outsider, a lowborn. He does not speak for us. GREY WORM approaches the YEZZAN and stares in his eyes.  Please. YEZZAN falls to his knees. GREY WORM unsheathes his dagger and slices RAZDAL and BELICHOs throats. He sheathes his dagger and steps back. TYRION approaches YEZZAN and puts his hand on his shoulder.  Tell your people what happened here. Tell them you live by the grace of Her Majesty. When they come forward with notions of retribution or ideas about returning the slave cities to their former glory, remind the what happened when Daenerys Stormborn and her dragons came to Meereen. TYRION pats YEZZAN on the shoulder. He, GREY WORM, and MISSANDEI walk away. JON SNOW, SANSA, DAVOS, TORMUND, LYANNA MORMONT, and some Stark bannermen sit on horseback, waiting. RAMSAY, HARALD KARSTARK, SMALLJON UMBER, and a group of Bolton soldiers approach on horseback. They come to a halt in front of JON SNOW and compnay.  You dont have to be here.  Yes, I do.  My beloved wife. Ive missed you terribly. RAMSAY looks at JON SNOW.  Thank you for returning Lady Bolton safely. Now, dismount and kneel before me, surrender your army and proclaim me the true Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North. I will pardon you for deserting the Nights Watch. I will pardon these treasonous lords for betraying my house. Come, bastard, you dont have the men, you dont have the horses, and you dont have Winterfell. Why lead those pour souls into slaughter? Theres no need for a battle. Get off your hose and kneel. Im a man of mercy.  Youre right. Theres no need for a battle. Thousands of men dont need to die. Only one of us. Lets end this the old way. You against me. RAMSAY chuckles.  I keep hearing stories about you, bastard. The way people in the North talk about you, youre the greatest swordsman who ever walked. Maybe you are that good. Maybe not. I dont know if Id beat you. But I know that my army will beat yours. I have 6,000 men. You have, what, half that? Not even?  Aye, you have the numbers. Will your men want to fight for you when they hear you wouldnt fight for them? RAMSAY points at JON SNOW.  Hes good. Very good. Tell me, will you let your little brother die because youre too proud to surrender?  How do we know you have him? RAMSAY nods to SMALLJON. SMALLJON pulls SHAGGYDOGs head out from a satchel and throws it on the ground.  Now, if you want to save   Youre going to die tomorrow, Lord Bolton. Sleep well. SANSA turns her horse and rides away.  Shes a fine woman, your sister. I look forward to having her back in my bed. And youre all fine-looking men. My dogs are desperate to meet you. I havent fed them for seven days. Theyre ravenous. I wonder which parts theyll try first. Your eyes? Your balls? Well find out soon enough. In the morning, then, bastard. RAMSAY and company ride back towards Winterfell. JON SNOW looks down. JON SNOW, DAVOS, TORMUND, and SANSA are standing around a planning table.  If he was smart, hed stay inside the walls of Winterfell and wait us out.  Thats not his way. He knows the North is watching. If the other houses sense weakness on his part, theyll stop fearing him. He cant have that. Fear is his power.  Its his weakness, too. His mean dont want to fight for him. Theyre forced to fight for him. If they feel the tide turning...  Its not his men that worry me. Its his horses. I know what mounted knights can do to us. TORMUND looks at DAVOS.  You and Stannis cut through us like piss through snow.  Were digging trenches all along our flanks. They wont be able to hit us the way that Stannis hit you, in a double envelopment. TORMUND stares blankly at JON SNOW.  A pincer move. TORMUND stares blankly at JON SNOW. JON SNOW and DAVOS look at each other briefly.  They wont be able to hit us from the sides.  Good.  Its crucial that we let them charge at us. Theyve got the numbers, we need the patience. If we let him buckle our center, hell pursue. Then well have him surrounded on three sides.  Did you really think that cunt would fight you man to man?  No. But I wanted to make him angry. I want him coming at us full tilt.  We should all get some sleep.  Rest, Jon Snow. We need you sharp tomorrow. DAVOS, TORMUND, and any remaining attendants exit. JON SNOW sits down at the head of the table.  So youve met the enemy, drawn up your battle plans.  Aye, for what theyre worth.  Youve known him for the space of a single conversation, you and your trusted advisors, and you sit around and make your plans on how to defeat a man you dont know. I lived with him. I know the way his mind works. I know how he likes to hurt people. Did it ever once occur to you that I might have some insight?  Youre right.  You think hes going to fall into your trap. He wont Hes the one who lays traps.  Hes overconfident.  He plays with people. Hes far better at it than you. Hes been doing it all his life. JON SNOW stands.  Aye, and what have I been doing all my life? Playing with broomsticks? I fought beyond the Wall against worse than Ramsay Bolton. Ive defended the Wall from worse than Ramsay Bolton.  You dont know him.  All right, tell me. What should we do? How do we get Rickon back?  Well never get him back. Rickon is Ned Starks trueborn son, which makes him a greater threat to Ramsay than you, a bastard, or me, a girl. As long as he lives, Ramsays claim to Winterfell will be contested, which means he wont live long.  We cant give up on our brother.  Listen to me, please. He wants you to make a mistake.  Of course he does. What should I do differently?  I dont know! I dont know anything about battles! Just dont do what he wants you to do.  Aye, thats good advice.  You think thats obvious?  Well, it is a bit obvious.  If you had asked for my advice earlier, I would have told you not to attack Winterfell until we have a larger force, or is that obvious, too?  When will we have a larger force?! Weve pleaded with every house thatll have us! The Blackfish cant help us! Were lucky to have this many men!  Its not enough!  Now, its not enough! Its what we have! Battles have been won against greater odds.  If Ramsay wins, Im not going back there alive. Do you understand me? JON SNOW I wont ever let him touch you again. Ill protect you, I promise.  No one can protect me. No one can protect anyone. SANSA exits. JON SNOW turns, looks at the table, and sighs. DAVOS and TORMUND are walking together through the encampment.  You think theres hope?  Ive never seen these Bolton fuckers fight. And theyve never seen the free folk fight, so, yes, theres hope. You want to avenge your king, dont you?  It wasnt the Boltons defeated Stannis. It was Stannis himself. I loved the man. He lifted me up and made me something. But he had demons in his skull whispering foul things.  You saw these demons?  What? They stop walking. DAVOS looks at TORMUND.  No, its a manner of speaking. Not actual demons.  Oh. Well, you loved that cunt Stannis and I loved the man he burned. Mance didnt have demons in his skull. He didnt torch people or listen to some red witch. I believed in him. I thought he was the man to lead us through the Long Night. But I was wrong just like you.  Maybe that was our mistake, believing in kings.  Jon Snows not a king.  No, hes not. TORMUND and DAVOS smile at each other.  I need a good drink to help me sleep the night before a fight. You want some? I have a jug of sour goats milk stronger than any of that grape water you southern twats like sucking on.  No, thanks. It does sound delicious, but I better keep a clear head. I can never sleep the night before a battle.  So what do you do all night?  I walk. Think and walk. Think and walk until Im far enough away from camp that no one can hear me shitting my guts out. TORMUND laughs.  Happy shitting. TORMUND walks away. MELISANDRE is sitting at a desk with a mirror and candles on it, staring into a fire pit. JON SNOW enters and approaches her.  My lady. You werent at the war council.  Im not a soldier.  Any advice?  Dont lose.  If I do, if I fall, dont bring me back.  Ill have to try.  Im ordering you not to bring me back.  I am not your servant, Jon Snow.  Youre in my camp. Im the commander.  I serve the Lord of Light. I do what he commands.  How do you know what he commands?  I interpret his signs as well as I can. If the Lord didnt want me to bring you back, how did I bring you back? I have no power. Only what he gives me and he gave me you.  Why?  I dont know. Maybe youre only needed for this small part of his plan and nothing else. Maybe he brought you here to die again.  What kind of god would do something like that?  The one weve got. JON SNOW stares into the fire pit and then exits. DAVOS is walking alone through the snow. He happens upon a pile of wooden rubble and stops to inspect it. He sees a charred statuette of a stag in the wood and stops to pick it up. He looks back at the pile of wood. A horn blows in the distance. DAVOS looks in the direction of the horn, then hands his head. DAENERYS is sitting on the throne. TYRION stands beside her. They are attending to THEON and YARA, who are standing on the steps in front of them.  Last time we saw each other was at Winterfell, yes? You were making jokes about my height, I seem to recall. Everyone who makes a joke about a dwarfs height thinks hes the only person ever to make a joke about a dwarfs height. The height of nobility, a man of your stature, someone to look up to. Youre all making the same five or six jokes.  It was a long time ago.  It was. And how have things been going for you since then? Not so well, I gather. Cant imagine you would have murdered the Stark boys if things had been going well.  I didnt murder the Stark boys. But I did things that were just as bad or worse.  And he paid for them.  Doesnt seem like it. Hes still alive. It was complicated for you, Im sure, growing up at Winterfell. Never quite knowing who you were. But then, we all live complicated lives, dont we?  Youve brought us 100 ships from the Iron Fleet with men to sail them. In return, I expect you want me to support your claim to the throne of the Iron Islands?  Not my claim. Hers.  And whats wrong with you?  Im not fit to rule.  We can agree upon that at least.  Has the Iron Islands ever had a queen before?  No more than Westeros. DAENERYS smiles.  Our Uncle Euron returned home after a long absence. He murdered our father and took the Salt Throne from yara. He would have murdered us if we had stayed.  Lord Tyrion tells me your father was a terrible king.  You and I have that in common.  We do. And both murdered by a usurper as well. DAENERYS turns to TYRION.  Will their ships be enough?  With the former Masters fleet, possibly. Barely. There are more than 100 ships in the Iron Fleet.  There are and Euron is building more. Hes going to offer them to you.  So why shouldnt I wait for him?  The Iron Fleet isnt all hes bringing. He also wants to give you --  His big cock, I think he said. Eurons offer is also an offer of marriage, you see. You wont get one without the other.  And I imagine your offer is free of any marriage demands?  I never demand, but Im up for anything, really.  He murdered our father and would have murdered us. Hell murder you as soon as you have what he wants.  The Seven Kingdoms.  All of them.  And you dont want the Seven Kingdoms?  Your ancestors defeated ours and took the Iron Islands. We ask you to give them back.  And thats all?  Wed like you to help us murder an uncle or two who dont think a womans fit to rule.  Reasonable.  What if everyone starts demanding their independence?  Shes not demanding, shes asking. The others are free to ask as well. Our father were evil men, all of us here. They left the world worse than they found it. Were not going to do that. Were going to leave the world better than we found it. DAENERYS stands and approaches YARA.  You will support my claim as queen of the Seven Kingdoms and respect the integrity of the Seven Kingdoms. No more reaving, roving, raiding, or raping.  Thats our way of life.  No more. YARA and THEON look at each other. THEON nods. YARA turns back to DAENERYS.  No more. YARA extends her hand to DAENERYS. DAENERYS looks back at TYRION. TYRION makes a shaking motion with his hand. DAENERYS and YARA grab each others arms. The Stark and Bolton armies sit across the battlefield from one another. DAVOS sits on horseback among the ranks of the Stark army. JON SNOW rides his own horse through the ranks, looking at the men. He rides up next to TORMUND and WUN WUN, at the front of the line. Across the battlefield, X-shaped pyres resembling the sigil of House Bolton are burning. Attached to each of them is the body of a flayed man, strapped upside down. RAMSAY rides through the ranks of the Bolton army on horseback with a rope in his hand. RAMSAY reaches the front of the line and dismounts. The rope is revealed to be tied around RICKONs hands. RAMSAY ushers RICKON a little further out past the front line and stares at JON SNOW across the field. He unsheathes a dagger and raises it in the air. JON SNOW dismounts and walks a few paces out into the field. RAMSAY lowers the dagger and cuts RICKONs bindings.  Do you like games, little man? Lets play a game. Run to your brother. The sooner you make it to him, the sooner you get to see him. Thats it. Thats the game. Easy. Ready? Go. RICKON starts walking out into the field, then looks back at RAMSAY.  No, you have to run, remember? Those are the rules. A soldier approaches and hands RAMSAY his bow. RICKON starts running across the field. RAMSAY draws an arrow from his quiver. JON SNOW jumps on his horse and begins galloping across the field towards RICKON. RAMSAY notches an arrow and fires. The arrow lands in the ground next to RICKON. RAMSAY fires another arrow. It lands on the ground next to RICKON. JON SNOW and RICKON are getting closer. JON SNOW extends his hand out to RICKON. RAMSAY shoots another arrow. It misses. JON SNOW and RICKON are feet away from each other. An arrow pierces through RICKONs chest from behind. RICKON falls to the ground. JON comes to a halt beside him and looks down at him. RICKON gasps and then dies. JON SNOW looks up at RAMSAY.  Dont. RAMSAY smiles and gives his bow back to the soldier.  Prepare to charge! Prepare to charge! The Bolton archers draw and loose a volley of arrows. JON SNOW ushers his horse into a gallop straight towards the Bolton army.  Go! Go! Follow your commander!  Run and fight! WUN WUN roars. The bulk of the Stark forces charge across the field towards the Boltons. JON SNOW continues to rush the Bolton forces alone. The Bolton arches released a volley of arrows, some of which land in the body of JON SNOWs horse, causing him and his horse to tumble to the ground.  Now.  Cavalry, charge! JON SNOW stands to face the Bolton cavalry, charging at him. He takes off his sword belt and draws his sword. The cavalry approaches. Just before its upon him, the Stark forces rush past JON SNOW and collide with the Bolton charge. Men on both sides die in the frenzy. Bodies and weaponry fly everywhere. Archers on both sides of the battlefield nock arrows and draw their bows.  Well just kill our own men. Stand down. The Stark arches do not fire.  Loose! The Bolton archers fire. Their arrows rain down on Stark and Bolton men alike. In the fray, JON SNOW dodges several horses which gallop past him. One Bolton cavalryman charges with his horse, but JON SNOW cuts him down. JON SNOW rushes forward and kills a man on the ground, then slices the belly of a second man. A volley of arrows rains down around JON SNOW. He ducks. None of the arrows hit him. He returns to his feet and cuts down another man, dodges the strike of a passing Bolton cavalryman, and runs through another Bolton footsoldier. A Stark footsoldier helps him finish the Bolton man, and JON SNOW grabs him by the shirt.  Get word -- The Stark footsoldier is taken in the head by an arrow. JON SNOW stares down at the man and then flies into a rage, killing two more Bolton soldiers. A third man runs at him but is knocked down by a galloping horse. JON SNOW runs over to where he landed and stabs him several times. A horseman gallops at JON SNOW with his ax ready, but a passing Stark cavalryman spears him. Another Bolton footsoldier approaches JON SNOW, but JON SNOW cuts him down. The bodies are beginning to pile up on the battlefield. RAMSAYs archers loose several more volleys. JON SNOW goes into a frenzy, killing many Bolton men. The bodies have piled up high enough to create small mountains of bodies. Men continue to fight atop and around them.  We may as well be taking shits back here. DAVOS dismounts his horse.  Follow! DAVOS unsheathes his sword and charges across the field. The remainder of the Stark forces charge after him. On the other side of the battlefield, RAMSAY smiles and acknowledges SMALLJON.  Its time, go. SMALLJON brandishes his sword and walks back and forth in front of his men.  Who owns the North?  We do!  Who owns the North?  We do!  Show me! SMALLJON and his men cheer and charge across the battlefield. JON SNOW continues fighting, but is knocked to the ground by a Bolton footsoldier. TORMUND appears and stabs the footsoldier through the back, then helps JON SNOW to his feet.  Hey! WUN WUN and the Wildlings charge up behind TORMUND and JON SNOW. SMALLJON and his men are charging from the other side. WUN WUN points at them and grunts. A force of Bolton men appear bearing tall shields and spears. They create a half-circle around JON SNOW, TORMUND, DAVOS, WUN WUN, and the entire Stark forces. The other half of the circle is blocked by the piles of bodies on the battlefield. The shield soldiers set their shields firmly in the dirt, then point their spears inward towards the Stark forces.  Infantry, advance! The shield soldiers grunt in unison, lift their shields, and move in towards the Stark forces. With each wave of movement, they stab more and more Stark soldiers with their spears. One Stark soldier tries to climb up over the piles of bodies but gets cut down by SMALLJON. SMALLJON and his men charge down over the bodies, taking the Stark forces from the rear.  With me, lads! Break their line! WUN WUN rushes the shield wall and swipes at the spears. TORMUND jumps to the side of some spears and attacks a man behind the shield wall. Several other Stark men rush towards the shield wall. JON SNOW and other Stark soldiers defend against SMALLJONs men. Many soldiers die on both sides, and the bodies begin to pile up again. WUN WUN rips a man in half. TORMUND pulls a shieldbearer down and kills him, but gets sliced across the arm and is fored to fall back among the Stark ranks.  Tormund!  Get him back! The shieldbearers advance, pushing the Stark forces further in on themselves. More Stark men die.  Fuck this, come on! TORMUND leads the Wildlings back towards the piles of bodies. JON SNOW and SMALLJON spot each other, but before they can engage, the Wildling charge overtakes them. In the fray, JON SNOW is pushes to the bottom of several bodies and starts getting crushed. He struggles to get out, but cant get a hold. TORMUND faces off against SMALLJON. TORMUND punches SMALLJON in the face, and SMALLJON responds with an overhead swing of his sword. TORMUND blocks it. More and more bodies are piling on top of JON SNOW. He can see glimpses of clashes and flailing limbs above, but nothing else. He gasps for air. SMALLJON knocks TORMUND to the ground and punches him in the face multiple times. Men are dying all around JON SNOW as he is being trampled. JON SNOW grabs onto the clothes of a standing men and hoists himself up. He emerges in the center of a tightly packed group of his men and fills his lungs with air. He spots WUN WUN fighting off some shieldbearers. WUN WUN is stabbed in the side, grunts, and pulls the spear out. SMALLJON repeatedly headbutts TORMUND in the face. DAVOS and JON SNOW look at each other. A horn begins to sound in the distance. SMALLJON stops headbutting TORMUND. TORMUND seizes the opportunity and tears into the skin of SMALLJONs neck with his teeth, then draws a small knife and stabs SMALLJON repeatedly. RAMSAY looks in the direction of the sounding horn. A force of cavalry appears across the battlefield carrying flags bearing the white falcon sigil of House Arryn. SANSA and PETYR BAELISH sit on horseback beside the charging Arryn cavalry. TORMUND kills SMALLJON and screams. The Arryn cavalry takes the Bolton shieldbearers from the rear, then circles around and knocks them all down. SANSA smiles. JON SNOW climbs up to the top of the piles of bodies and spots RAMSAY on his horse. WUN WUN and TORMUND climb up beside JON SNOW. RAMSAY sees JON SNOW, turns his horse around, and rides back towards Winterfell. JON SNOW, TORMUND, and WUN WUN chase after him. SANSA watches them go. RAMSAY and several Bolton soldiers enter the courtyard through Winterfells main gate. Some men close and bar the gate behind them and they dismount.  Their armys gone.  Our armys gone.  We have Winterfell. They dont have the men for a siege. All we have to do is wait. Something thuds against the gate. RAMSAY turns to look at it. Several Bolton archers nock arrows. Several more thuds occur against the other side of the gate. WUN WUN busts a hole in the gate. BOLTON archers shoot arrows at his hand and down at his body over the side of the castle wall. WUN WUN roars and punches another hole in the gate. RAMSAY moves farther away from the gates interior. WUN WUN reaches in and grabs the wooden bar holding the gate, but a Bolton soldier throws a spear through the back of his hand. WUN WUN rips his hand away and then bursts through the gate, opening it. He sprints into the courtyard, then falls to his knees. The Bolton archers continue shooting arrows into him. He roars. Stark soldiers flood the courtyard and beginning killing the Bolton soldiers, quickly overtaking them. JON SNOW enters the courtyard and runs up beside WUN WUN. They look at each other. TORMUND runs up beside WUN WUN, on his other side. JON SNOW reaches out to WUN WUN, but RAMSAY shoots WUN WUN in the eye with an arrow, killing him.  You suggested one on one combat, didnt you? Stark archers aim their bows at RAMSAY.  Ive reconsidered. I think that sounds like a wonderful idea. RAMSAY notches an arrow. JON SNOW drops his sword and picks up a shield. RAMSAY aims at JON SNOW and fires. JON SNOW raises his shield and blocks the arrow. JON SNOW advances. RAMSAY nocks another arrow and fires. JON SNOW raises his shield and blocks the arrow. JON SNOW advances. RAMSAY nocks a third arrow and fires. JON SNOW raises his shield and blocks the arrow. JON SNOW advances. Before RAMSAY can nock a fourth arrow, JON SNOW overtakes him. JON SNOW bashes RAMSAY with his shield twice, knocking him over. JON SNOW drops his shield and jumps on top of RAMSAY, then punches him in the raise over and over. RAMSAYs faces becomes mangled and bleeds. SANSA enters the courtyard. JON SNOW sees her and stops punching RAMSAY. He stands and walks away. The Bolton flags fall away from the walls of Winterfell and are replaced by Stark flags. MELISANDRE watches from a balcony. DAVOS, holding the charred stag statuette, stares up at her. Some Stark men carry RICKONs body into the courtyard on a stretcher and stop in front of JON SNOW, TORMUND, and SANSA.  Were going to bury my brother in the crypt next to my father. The stretcher men continue on. JON SNOW turns to walk away.  Jon. JON SNOW turns back to face SANSA.  Where is he? RAMSAY is tied to a chair inside the kennel gates. He is mangled and bleeding. He groans and coughs, then raises his head to see SANSA standing outside the gate.  Ah. Sansa. Hello, Sansa. Is this where Ill be staying now? No. Our time together is about to come to an end. Thats all right. You cant kill me. Im part of you now.  Your words will disappear. Your house will disappear. Your name will disappear. All memory of you will disappear. The dogs growl in their cells and begin filtering out into the kennel.  My hounds will never harm me.  You havent fed them in seven days. You said it yourself.  Theyre loyal beasts.  They were. Now theyre starving. The dogs growl. One approaches RAMSAY from the front and puts its front paws up on his legs. It sniffs RAMSAYs face.  Sit. Down! Down! Down! Down! Down! The dog bites RAMSAYs face. RAMSAY screams. The dogs converge on RAMSAY and begin tearing him apart. SANSA turns as though she might leave, but lingers for a moment to watch. SANSA turns and walks away, then smiles. LADY CRANE and CLARENZO are performing JOFFREYs death scene in The Bloody Hand. Portraying CERSEI, LADY CRANE is kneeling, cradling CLARENZOs head. The audience watches silently.  My son. My firstborn son. My child king, hush. Listen to the gods, for you they sing. Fight no more, sweet child. Your wars are won. The wolves are buried and the false stag done. Shut your blue eyes, my love. Let the crown fall. The Father above beckons you into his hall. In Seventh Heaven Ill see you once more. But now I seek vengeance on Sansa the whore and my brother the Imp who killed his own king. Born amongst lions, our curse from within. I will slay him, I swear. With noose or with knife, though it take me a fortnight, a moon, or my life. The crowd cheers. LADY CRANE and CLARENZO stand and bow. LADY CRANE makes her way backstage. She takes off her wig and sits down at her table in the actors break room, wiping her eyes. She takes her bottle of rum and begins to pour herself a glass but stops when she hears a rustling from behind a clothing rack. She stands and walks over to the clothing rack, then parts the clothes. ARYA is lying on the ground behind the rack, bleeding from her stomach. ARYA is lying in bed. LADY CRANE sits beside her, treating her wounds.  Youre good at that. Where did you learn?  Im a jealous woman. Ive always liked bad men and theyve always liked me. Theyd come home wherever home was that night stinking of some whores perfume. LADY CRANE stands and carries her tray of medical supplies into the abutting room.  So wed fight and Id put a hole in them. And then Id feel terrible, so Id patch them up. I got good at patching them up.  And good at putting holes in them. LADY CRANE chuckles. ARYA smiles.  And that.  What happened to the actress? The one who wanted you dead.  Bianca. LADY CRANE spoons soup into a bowl and carries it back to ARYA.  Shell have a hard time finding work as an actress after what I did to her face. LADY CRANE hands ARYA the bowl. ARYA takes it and slurps, then scrunches up her face.  Mmm.  I never did learn to cook. But eat. Eat. You need it. The company is moving on to Pentos soon. You should come with us.  I cant.  Why not? Got a feeling youd be good at this sort of work. And besides, we need a new actress.  I dont think I could remember all of the lines.  Come with us. Whats left for you here?  You wouldnt be safe. Not while shes looking for me.  Who?  She doesnt have a name.  Where will you go?  Essos is east and Westeros is west. But whats west of Westeros?  I dont know.  Nobody does. Thats where all the maps stop.  The edge of the world, maybe.  Id like to see that. ARYA is afflicted with pain from her wound. LADY CRANE stands and pours a milky white liquid into a glass.  Whats that?  Milk of the poppy.  I dont want any. LADY CRANE hands ARYA the glass.  Sleep is the only way youll heal. Trust me, if my soup didnt kill you, nothing will. ARYA takes the glass, stares into it, and then drinks it down. She lays back and LADY CRANE tucks her in. ARYA falls asleep. LADY CRANE touches her hand and dims the candlelight. Four men are sitting around a small campfire, two young and two middle-aged. One of the middle-aged men is named GATINS.  Thing about Gatins, right, is he used to be pretty.  I was a famous kisser. You lads know how to kiss proper? The young men look at each other.  Course we do.  This is for masters, this technique. Youre not ready.  Im ready.  He says hes ready.  All right. GATINS stands and walks over to YOUNG MAN #2. YOUNG MAN #2 stands.  Now, pay attention. You put your left hand on the back of the ladys head. GATINS puts his left hand on the back of YOUNG MAN #2s head.  Your right hand holds the small of the ladys back like so. GATINS puts his right hand on the small of YOUNG MAN #2s back.  Very romantic. Take your middle finger, yeah, and you jam it right up her bunghole. GATINS shoves his hand down the back of YOUNG MAN #2s pants. YOUNG MAN #2 flails and pulls away. The other middle-aged man bursts out laughing. GATINS smells his finger.  So fucking close!  Ah, it smells like pussy to me.  Look at him. You get hard, boy?  Fuck you! Disgusting old twats. GATINS sits back down next to the fire. YOUNG MAN #2 remains standing, fixing his pants. SANDOR appears, carrying an ax. He is walking towards YOUNG MAN #2. YOUNG MAN #2 has his back turned to him.  Got off on that, did you, you old fuck? The other three men spot SANDOR coming. They stand. YOUNG MAN #2 turns around to see whats coming. SANDOR growls and decapitates him. SANDOR approaches the second young man and drives his ax into his chest. The middle-aged man approaches SANDOR from behind with a sword. SANDOR spins around and slices his throat open. SANDOR lunges at GATINS and drives his axe into his groin, then rips it away. Blood spills out and GATINS falls to his knees, whimpering. SANDOR puts his hand on GATINS head, forcing him to look up.  Wheres the other one? The one with the yellow cloak.  Fuck you!  Those are your last words, fuck you? Come on, you can do better.  Cunt!  Youre shit at dying, you know that? SANDOR raises the ax above his head, growls, and buries it into GATINS. The courtyard is filled with people of all types. People are buying, selling, and renovating. In one area, a red priestess is preaching to a crowd.  From the fire she was reborn to remake the world. Daenerys is a gift from the Lord of Light to her children. If we are steadfast in our love for the Queen and her faithful advisors, no man will ever lock us in chains again. TYRION and VARYS enter, walking together through the courtyard. TYRION smiles.  Id call that a successful gambit.  Would you?  Look around. The city has come back to life.  You made a pact with fanatics.  I did and it worked.  If you shaved your beard with a straight razor, youd say the razor worked. That doesnt mean it wont cut your throat.  Spoken like a man who has never had to shave. TYRION and VARYS stop walking and stare out through an archway at the harbor.  Im going to miss you.  I know.  I hope youre right about this expedition of yours.  If I dont return, youll know I was wrong. TYRION broods. VARYS looks at him. We need friends in Westeros. And we need ships.  Most of all, we need our queen.  Shell come back. She has to. My hearts been broken too many times already. VARYS pats TYRION on the shoulder.  Ill walk the rest of the way myself. I cant go off on a secret mission in the company of the most famous dwarf in the city. TYRION smiles. VARYS walks on.  Varys. VARYS turns back and looks at TYRION.  The most famous dwarf in the world. VARYS smiles and nods, then walks out into the harbor. TYRION walks back through the courtyard. CERSEI is sitting at a table, drinking. There is a knock on the door. QYBURN enters. GREGOR is standing out in the hall.  Your Grace, several members of the Faith Militant have been permitted entry to the Red Keep.  Have been permitted? Thats rather a tortured way of putting it.  They demand to see you, Your Grace.  Who permitted them inside the Red Keep? QYBURN says nothing.  The king is aware of their presence?  He is, Your Grace. Hes currently in his chambers at prayer. CERSEI stands and walks past QYBURN out into the hall. QYBURN bows to her as she passes, then follows her out with GREGOR in tow. At the bottom of the steps, LANCEL and a group of Faith Militant are waiting. CERSEI, QYBURN, and GREGOR approach them. One of the Faith Militant stares up at GREGOR.  Your Grace, His Holiness the High Septon wishes to speak with you at the Great Sept of Baelor.  His Holiness the High Septon is welcome to see me here in the Red Keep.  Your Grace, this is not a request.  It is a request, Cousin Lancel. You are asking me for something, Im refusing.  The High Septon commands you. Are you sure you want to refuse him?  He promised me I could stay in the Red Keep until my trial.  He made no such promises. If you refuse to come of your own free will- -  Get out. LANCEL nods at the Faith Militant. Two of them advance with spikes clubs. GREGOR steps in front of CERSEI.  Move aside, ser. GREGOR silently stares out from behind his helmet.  Order your man to step aside or there will be violence.  I choose violence. One of the Faith Militant swings his club into GREGORs chestplate. GREGOR is unaffected. The club is stuck in the metal of the armor and the Faith Militant man struggles to wrench it free. He pulls it loose and reels back for another swing, but GREGOR takes him by the throat with one hand and lifts him up off the ground. LANCEL and the other Faith Militant regroup in the courtyard. The man in GREGORs grasp gasps and drops his club. GREGOR tosses him out into the courtyard, then follows him out. GREGOR kneels over the man, grabs him by the jaw, and rips his head off. LANCEL looks around at the other Faith Militant. CERSEI smiles.  Please tell His High Holiness hes always welcome to visit. CERSEI, QYBURN, and GREGOR turn to walk back up the steps. BRIENNE and PODRICK arrive on horseback. They stare out at the Lannister/Frey encampment from an overlooking hill.  Looks like a siege, my lady.  You have a keen military mind, Pod. BRIENNE spots JAIME riding a white horse among his men.  My lady. My lady. Several Lannister soldiers ride towards BRIENNE and PODRICK, and then encircle them.  Who goes there? State your business!  My name is Brienne of Tarth. Please inform Ser Jaime Lannister Ive come to speak with him. Tell him I have his sword. PODRICK watches Lannister soldiers riding through the encampment. His is choked from behind by an unknown man who reveals himself to be BRONN.  Getting a bit old to be a squire, arent we? BRONN releases PODRICK. PODRICK coughs. BRONN laughs and slaps PODRICK on the shoulder.  Podrick fucking Payne. I thought youd be dead by now.  Not yet. BRONN laughs and motions to a nearby tent.  Are they in there?  Mm-hmm.  You think theyre fucking?  What? No.  Why not? Id fuck her. Youd fuck her, wouldnt you?  Im her squire.  Oh. Well, hed fuck her, thats for sure. And shes fuck him, dont you think? The way she looks at him. The way all women look at him is frankly irritating. I preferred working with the little brother on that account. Come on, youre the one with the magic cock. BRONN grabs PODRICKs crotch.  You must have shown it to her by now.  Shes training me to fight.  Is she? Oh.  An hour in the morning, and hour at night. Every day.  Then how come an old cunt like me can still sneak up and murder you?  Well, thats a different sort of fighting.  Now, thats the truth, isnt it? You want to learn that sort of fighting? PODRICK smiles and nods.  All right, lets start with your footwork. BRONN stands across from PODRICK.  Show me your stance. PODRICK postures up.  Now, listen to me, Pod. See how your feet are about a yard apart? PODRICK looks down at his feet. BRONN slaps him across the face.  Lesson number one, assume everyone wants to hit you. Cause they do, Pod. Everyone wants to hit a fucking squire. Do it again. Come on, dont sulk. BRIENNE and JAIME stand across from each other.  I never thought youd find her. I just assumed Sansa was dead.  Why would you assume that?  In my experience, girls like her dont live very long.  I dont think you know many girls like her.  Well, Im proud of you. I am. You fulfilled your oath to Catelyn Stark against all odds. JAIME walks around the room and comes to a stop on BRIENNEs other side. BRIENNE turns to face him.  Of course my sister wants Sansa dead. The girl is still a suspect in Joffreys murder, so there is that complication. What the hell are you doing here?  Ive come for the Blackfish.  Youre welcome to have him.  Lady Sansa desires to take her ancestral seat back from the Boltons and assume her rightful position as Lady of Winterfell.  With what army does she plan on taking Winterfell?  The Tully army.  Theyre a bit occupied at the moment. I was sent here to reclaim Riverrun currently defended by the Tully rebels, so you can see the conundrum.  The Tullys are rebels because theyre fighting for their home?  Riverrun was granted to the Freys by royal decree.  As a reward for betraying Robb Stark and slaughtering his family.  Exactly. JAIME and BRIENNE stare at each other.  We shouldnt argue about politics.  Youre a knight, Ser Jaime. I know there is honor in you. Ive seen it myself.  Im a Lannister. Dont ask me to betray my own house.  I do no such thing. Take Riverrun without bloodshed. Ride south with your mission complete and your army intact.  What do you propose?  Allow me to enter Riverrun under a flag of truce. Let me try to persuade the Blackfish to give up the castle.  Why would he abandon his ancestral home?  Because youll allow him to lead the Tully forces safely north.  Have you ever met the Blackfish?  No.  Hes even more stubborn than you are. BRIENNE looks down. JAIME walks back around the table to BRIENNEs other side.  All right. Try to talk some sense into the old goat. He wont listen, but his men might. Not everybody wants to die for someone elses home.  I need your word. If I persuade him to abandon the castle, youll grant us safe passage north.  You have my word. You have until nightfall. BRIENNE nods and undoes her sword belt. She hands Oathkeeper to JAIME. JAIME sighs.  You gave it to me for a purpose. Ive achieved that purpose.  Its yours. It will always be yours. BRIENNE stares into JAIMEs eyes, then ties Oathkeeper back on her waist and begins to walk out. JAIME follows her to the entrance of the tent. BRIENNE turns back.  one last thing, Ser Jaime.  Yes, Lady Brienne?  Should I fail to persuade the Blackfish to surrender, and if you attack the castle, honor compels me to fight for Sansas kin.  Of course it does.  To fight you.  Lets hope it doesnt come to that. BRIENNE and JAIME stare into each others eyes. BRIENNE exits. JAIME watches her go. BRIENNE and PODRICK follow BRYNDEN holding a piece of parchment as he walks along the walls of Riverrun.  Ive said no three times already.  I have a signed letter from your niece Sansa Stark.  I havent seen her since she was a child. I dont know her signature. I dont know you. And I will not surrender. BRYNDEN turns to one of his soldiers.  Double the guards tonight. BRYNDEN looks out at the Lannister/Frey encampment. BRYNDEL The Kingslayer wants to try us. I can feel it. BRYNDEN turns on his heel and walks inside. BRIENNE and PODRICK follow him.  As I have said, my name is- -  Yes, Brienne of Tarth. I know your father. A good man.  He always spoke highly of you.  And if he were here now, Id tell him the same Im telling you. BRYNDEN makes his way down a set of steps.  If you think Im abandoning my familys seat on the Kingslayers word of honor, youre a bloody fool.  Riverrun cannot stand against the Lannisters and the Freys.  We can stand longer than your one-handed friend thinks we can. BRYNDEN, BRIENNE, and PODRICK emerge into Riverruns main courtyard.  Hes not my friend.  No? BRYNDEN stops and turns back to face BRIENNE.  Who gave you permission to cross the siege line and enter the castle? Who gave you that sword with the gold lion on the pommel?  Ser Jaime kept his word to your niece Catelyn Stark. He sent me to find Sansa, to help her as Catelyn wanted. He gave me this sword to protect her. That is what I have done and I will continue to do until the day I die. BRIENNE holds out the piece of parchment to BRYNDEN. BRYNDEN takes it, unfolds it, and reads its contents. He smiles and chuckles under his breath.  Shes exactly like her mother. BRIENNE smiles. BRYNDEN turns back to face her.  I dont have enough men to help her take Winterfell.  You have more than she does.  She wants her home back. I understand that. But this is my home. And if Jaime Lannister wants it, he can bloody well take it the way everyone else does. BRYNDEN hands the letter back to BRIENNE. She takes it. BRYNDEN walks away.  Find the maester. We need to get a raven north to Sansa.  What should I write?  Tell her I failed. A crowd of nobles fills the throne room. CERSEI enters, followed by QYBURN and GREGOR. The crowd stares at them and parts to let them pass. They approach the throne. TOMMEN, KEVAN, and MAESTER PYCELLE stand atop the steps to the throne. KEVAN walks down the steps and confronts CERSEI.  Theres to be a royal announcement?  There is.  Why wasnt I informed?  There is to be a royal announcement in the throne room at this very moment. CERSEi starts up the steps but KEVAN blocks her with his arm.  Where are you going?  To stand by my son.  Your place is in the gallery with the other ladies of the court. CERSEI stares at TOMMEN. TOMMEN looks away. MAESTER PYCELLE whispers to him. CERSEI, QYBURN, and GREGOR move to one of the nearby balconies. TOMMEN sits on the Iron Throne and addresses the crowd.  Lords and ladies, the Faith and the Crown are the two pillars that hold up this world. One collapses, so does the other. The Father judges us all. If you break his laws...you will be punished. After conferring with His Holiness the High Septon, we have determined that Loras Tyrell and Cersei lannisters trial will be held in the Great Sept of Baelor on the first day of the Festival of the Mother. Members of the crowd murmur to one another.  Furthermore, after much prayer and reflection, the Crown has decided that from this day forward, trial by combat will be forbidden throughout the Seven Kingdoms. The tradition is a brutish one, a scheme devised by corrupt rulers in order to avoid true judgment from the gods. Cersei Lannister and Loras Tyrell will stand trial before seven septons as it was in the earliest days of the Faith. Seven blessings to all.  Seven blessings. TOMMEN stands and makes his way out of the hall, accompanied by the goldcloaks. CERSEI watches him leave. QYBURN walks up beside CERSEi and whispers to her.  Your Grace...that old rumor you told me about. My little birds investigated.  And? Was it just a rumor or something more?  More. Much more. TYRION pours himself a glass of wine. GREY WORM and MISSANDEI sit across from him.  You seem happy.  I am happy. You should both be as well. Not so long ago, this city was ready to devour itself. TYRION puts down his glass of wine on a table and pours another glass of wine.  Now its like a man reborn.  I will be happy when our queen returns.  Why dont you drink? Why dont either of you ever drink? TYRION pours a third glass of wine.  Unsullied never drink.  Why not?  Rules.  And who made these rules? Your former masters? GREY WORM and MISSANDEI look at each other.  Those miserable old shits didnt want you to be human. Have a drink with me. TYRION hands GREY WORM one of the glasses of wine. GREY WORM takes it.  And you? Whats your excuse? GREY WORM sniffs his glass of wine and scrunches up his face. TYRION hands MISSANDEI the second glass of wine. She takes it.  I have tried wine before. It made me feel funny.  Thats how you know its working. TYRION returns to his glass of wine and raises it up.  Heres to our queen. Anyone not drinking is disrespecting our queen. GREY WORM and MISSANDEI raise their glasses.  To Daenerys Stormborn, Mother of Dragons, Breaker of Chains, long may she reign.  Long may she reign.  Long may she reign. GREY WORM and MISSANDEI sip from their glasses. TYRION drinks all of his.  Do you like it?  Tastes like it has turned. TYRION walks to another decanter on the opposite side of the room and pours himself another glass of wine.  Yes, yes. Fermentation. One day, after our queen has taken the Seven Kingdoms...Id like to have my own vineyard. Make my own wine. The Imps Delight. Only my close friends could drink it. TYRION sips his wine.  Tell me a joke, Missandei of Naath. TYRION walks back in front of GREY WORM and MISSANDEI.  I do not know any jokes.  Grey worm? GREY WORM stares and says nothing.  Right. Three lords walk into a tavern- - a Stark, a Martell, and a Lannister. They order ale... MISSANDEI sips her wine.  ...but when the barkeep brings them over, each of them finds a fly in his cup. The Lannister, outraged, shoves the cup aside and demands another. The Martell plucks the fly out and swallows it whole. The Stark reaches into his cup, pulls out the fly and shouts, Spit it out, you see shit. Spit it out. GREY WORM and MISSANDEI do not laugh.  Its funnier in Westeros.  The Starks and the lannisters, i thought these were enemies.  Yes.  A joke is like a story, Torgo Nudho. Not a true story, necessarily.  A story thats supposed to make you laugh, ideally. Not at the moment, perhaps. MISSANDEI sips her wine again.  Missandei, do you like the wine?  I do.  Tell a joke.  Two translators are on a sinking ship. TYRION smiles.  The first says, Do you know how to swim? The second says, No, but I can shout for help in 19 languages. There is a pause. TYRION Ah! TYRION begins to laugh. MISSANDEI smiles and sips her wine.  That is the worst joke I ever heard.  You dont even know what a joke is.  I am soldier all my life. You think I never hear joke?  You lied to us.  I make joke. MISSANDEI and TYRION laugh. GREY WORM smiles.  More jokes.  I once walked into a brothel with a honeycomb and a jackass. The madam says- - Bells begin to ring. GREY WORM stands and runs out of the room, shouting in Valyrian. A fleet of white-sailed ships approaches Meereen. TYRION and MISSANDEI stare at at the ships.  The Masters have come for their property. JAIME rides horseback through the encampment, approaches a tent, dismounts, and enters.  Lord Edmure. EDMUREs hands are behind his back, his wrists bound around a vertical pole in the center of the tent. He is kneeling.  I apologize for the way the Freys treated you. A man of your birth deserved better. You have my word youll be properly fed and clothes from now on. EDMURE stands.  I have your word? EDMURE scoffs.  Oh, good. Good, thats- - thats a fine thing. My uncle will never surrender the castle, ser. Whatever game youre playing.  The Blackfish is an old man. A good death is all he can hope for. But you, you have a child now, Ive heard. A son you sired on your wedding night. Youre a potent man.  A son Ive never met born of a wife that I havent seen since our first night together.  You should be with them both. I can arrange that, you realize? Comfortable rooms for you at Casterly Rock. A tutor for your boy, knights to train him to fight and to ride. And when he comes of age, hell have a keep of his own.  Do you imagine yourself a decent person? Is that it? After youve massacred my family. Kept me in a cell for years. Stolen our lands.  Ill remind you that our houses are at war. Im sorry if this conflict has inconvenienced you, but rebelling against the Crown does have consequences.  Says the man who shoved his sword through his kings back.  Did I give you the impression that this was a negotiation? Its not. JAIME sits on a barrel in the corner of the room.  You understand. On some level you understand that youre an evil man.  Ill leave the judgments to the gods.  Well, that is convenient for you. Youre a fine-looking fellow, arent you? EDMURE chuckles.  Your square jaw, your golden armor. Tell me, I want to know. I truly do. How do you live with yourself? All of us have to believe that were decent, dont we? You have to sleep at night. How do you tell yourself that youre decent after everything that youve done?  I was your sisters prisoner once. She hit me on the head with a rock if I remember correctly. EDMURE laughs.  Yeah. She should have killed you.  Perhaps, but she didnt. Catelyn Stark hated me just like you hate me. But I didnt hate her. I admired her. Far more than her husband or her son.  Do you think I care whom you admire and whom you dont?  No, I dont, but Im telling you anyway because youre my prisoner. You dont have a choice. The love she had for her children, I was a little awed by it. Reminded me of my sister.  Oh. Oh, I see. Youre a madman.  Im not here to trade insults. Your sister was a strong- -  Dont talk about Cat!  Ill talk about whomever I want. EDMURE grunts and struggles against his bindings.  She loved her children. I suppose all mothers do, but Catelyn and Cersei, theres a fierceness you dont often see. JAIME stands and walks closer to EDMURE.  Theyd do anything to protect their babies. JAIME gets in EDMUREs face.  Start a war. Burn cities to ash. Free their worst enemies. The things we do for love.  You didnt come here to talk about our sisters.  Thats exactly why I came here. I love Cersei. You can laugh at that if you want. You can sneer. It doesnt matter. She needs me. And to get back to her, I have to take Riverrun. Ill send for your baby boy. EDMURE struggles against his bindings, pushing himself towards JAIME.  And Ill launch him into Riverrun with a catapult. Because you dont matter to me, Lord Edmure. Your son doesnt matter to me. The people in the castle dont matter to me. Only Cersei. And if I have to slaughter every Tully who ever lived to get back to her, thats what Ill do. EDMURE crosses the bridge over Riverruns moat, carrying a torch. Several guards point crossbows down at him. He stops at the end of the bridge.  Who goes there?  Edmure Tully, son of Hoster Tully, and the rightful Lord of Riverrun. I demand entry. BRYNDEN appears on the wall with the guards.  Dont let him in.  Hes the Lord of Riverrun. I have to obey his commands.  Hes been their captive ever since they murdered his king at the Red Wedding. Why do you think the people who murdered his king at the Red Wedding would decide to let him come home? Because its a trap, you idiot. Dont let him in. BRYNDEN turns to walk away.  Hes my lord, my lord. Ive sworn to serve the Lord of Riverrun and obey his commands. BRYNDEN turns back.  Youre not obeying Edmures commands. Youre obeying the fucking Kinglsayers commands.  I demand entry.  My lord has given an order.  WIth a knife to his throat. That is not a valid order. The guard captain turns to his fellow guards.  Lower the drawbridge and open the gate for Lord Ed- - BRYNDEN unsheathes his sword halfway. The guard captain and the other guards show their steel.  Ill have your head before I surrender Riverrun.  You are not lord of this castle, my lord. BRYNDEN looks around at the other guards, sheathes his sword, and walks away.  Lower the drawbridge!  Aye, ser! The drawbridge begins to open. EDMURE stares back across the Lannister/Frey encampment. JAIME waits on his horse. BLACK WALDER rides up beside JAIME. The drawbridge fully extends. EDMURE walks inside.  If youre wrong, were just surrendered our most valuable prisoner. The drawbridge closes behind EDMURE. Riverrun soldiers are gathered to meet him. BRYNDEN appears in the rear of their ranks. EDMURE spots BRYNDEN, hands his torch to one of the soldiers, and walks up the stairs to the top of the outer wall.  Welcome home, my lord.  Command all the forces within the castle to lay down their arms. Open the gates.  My lord- -  Your lord has given a command. The drawbridge opens. JAIME glances at BLACK WALDER and rides towards Riverrun. The Lannister and Frey forces follow him into Riverrun.  Find the Blackfish. Put him in irons and hand him over to the Freys.  Find him. The Riverrun soldiers lay down their arms in a pile as the Lannister forces enter the castle. BRYNDEN, PODRICK, and BRIENNE emerge from a doorway. BRYNDEN places the torch in a sconce and stands in the doorway. PODRICK gets onto a small rowboat floating on the surface of the river. BRIENNE kneels to steady the rowboat for PODRICK, then turns back to look at BRYNDEN.  Go on. BRYNDEN stands and faces him.  Come with us.  Ive run before from the Red Wedding. Im not running again. This is my family home.  Your family is in the North. Come with us. Dont die for pride when you can fight for your blood.  Youll serve Sansa far better than I ever could. Some guards begin shouting in the background.  Go on, now. BRYNDEN unsheathes his sword.  I havent had a proper sword fight in years. I expect Ill make a damn fool of myself. BRYNDEN heads through the doorway and back up the steps. BRIENNE watches him leave and then gets on the rowboat. Lannister and Frey banners are being draped all over the courtyard. Lannister soldiers walk over the fallen Tully banners. JAIME stands atop the outer wall. A Lannister guard enters and approaches him.  We found the Blackfish, my lord.  Good. Bring him to me.  He died fighting, my lord. JAIME nods to the guard. The guard exits. JAIME stares out at the river and sees BRIENNE and PODRICK rowing away from Riverrun. He looks around to see if anyone else is watching. BRIENNE looks over her shoulder and sees JAIME standing atop the wall. JAIME waves to her. BRIENNE waves back. The Masters fleet is launching flaming projectiles at Meereen and the Great Pyramid, setting them ablaze. TYRION and MISSANDEI enter. GREY WORM is waiting for them. Many Unsullied stand guard around the room.  I was wrong. I admit it.  That changes nothing.  The Unsullied could mount a defense off the beachhead. If the slavers forces- -  No more talking from you. Your talking gave us this.  And I have acknowledged that. Im trying- -  Youre trying to tell me what the army should do. You do not know what the army should do.  All right, what should the army do?  Well not go to the beach. If we go to the beach, the Masters will take the pyramid. The pyramid is the only place in the city we can defend. We stay here.  And then?  We wait for them to come to us. Then we fight them. Something thuds and rattles the roof of the pyramid. Footsteps can be heard. Everyone looks up. MISSANDEI grabs a knife from a table and stands beside TYRION. GREY WORM and the Unsullied form up in front of the door to the balcony. One Unsullied opens the door. Another inches out through it, shield and spear in hand. The Unsullied man looks side to side and sees nothing, but then sees something and kneels. The rest of the Unsullied follow suit. DAENERYS enters. A dragon screeches and flies away in the background. SANDOR walks along the center of a path through the woods, carrying an ax and a satchel. He hears horses whinnying and the voices of men. He follows the sounds and happens upon BERIC DONDARRION, THOROS OF MYR, and other members of the Brotherhood Without Banners. They are preparing to hang LEM and two of his accomplices, who stand on blocks ith nooses tied around their necks. BERIC turns to see SANDOR. Some of the Brotherhood members brandish weapons.  Clegane.  What the fuck you doing here?  Chasing them. You?  Hanging them.  Any particular reason?  Theyre our men. Or they were. They attacked a nearby sept and murdered the villagers. Why do you want them?  Same reason. I was helping build it. They killed a friend of mine.  Youve got friends?  Not anymore. Theyre mine. SANDOR advances. BERIC and another member of the Brotherhood block his path.  Its the Brotherhoods good name theyve dragged through the dirt.  Fuck your name. Theyre mine. I killed you once before, Dondarrion. Happy to do it again. One of the Brotherhood members notches an arrow and points his bow at SANDOR.  Drop that arrow, you bloody girl. SANDOR points his ax at the man but keeps his eyes locked on BERIC.  Tougher girls than you have tried to kill me. SANDOR walks towards the bowman.  You can have one of them. SANDOR turns back to face BERIC, glances at the men about to be hanged, then looks back at BERIC.  Two. BERIC looks at THOROS. THOROS nods. BERIC nods to SANDOR. SANDOR approaches one of the men and raises his ax above his head to swing. THOROS catches the axs handle from behind.  No, no, no. SANDOR turns to face THOROS and tries to wrench his ax free.  Were not butchers. We hang them. THOROS releases SANDORs ax.  hanging? All over in an instant. Wheres the punishment in that?  They die.  We all bloody die. SANDOR gestures to BERIC.  Except this one here. Ill only gut one of them.  No.  Ill chop off one hand.  We gave you two of the three out of respect for your loss. Thats generous.  Bunch of nancies. SANDOR throws down his ax.  There was a time I would have killed all seven of you just to gut these three.  Youre getting old, Clegane.  Hes not. SANDOR kicks the box out from underneath one of the men, hanging him. He moves in front of LEM.  Please dont. Ill give you anything. SANDOR kicks the box out from underneath LEM, hanging him. LEM gasps for air. BERIC hangs the third man. SANDOR pulls the boot off of LEMs foot. BERIC and THOROS begin to walk away, but turn back to look at SANDOR. SANDOR takes off his own boot and sizes up LEMs boot to his own foot. He shoves his foot into LEMs boot and looks up at BERIC and THOROS.  Got anything to eat? Several members of the Brotherhood are sitting around small campfires. SANDOR, BERIC, and some other Brothers are sitting at one such campfire. SANDOR is eating a piece of meat. THOROS approaches and sits beside them.  Enjoying yourself?  I prefer chicken. THOROS hands SANDOR a water skin. SANDOR drinks from it.  You ought to join us. We could use you.  I tried joining. Didnt work out for me.  Clegane, were here for a reason. The Lord of Light is keeping Beric alive for a reason. He gave a failed, drunk priest the power to bring him back for a reason. We are part of something larger than ourselves.  Lots of horrible shit in this world gets done for something larger than ourselves. SANDOR returns the water skin to THOROS, stands, walks to the river, and urinates into it.  Cold winds are rising in the North.  And youre going to go stop them?  We need good men to help us.  Last time you saw me, you wanted to execute me.  True enough. But the Lord of Light gave you the power to defeat me. Why? SANDOR laughs.  I beat you because Im better than you, Beric. I was better than you before you started yammering on about the Lord and Im better than you now. SANDOR returns to his spot by the campfire and sits.  Aye, youre probably right. Youre a fighter. You were born a fighter. You walked away from the fight. How did that go? Good and bad, young and old, the things were fighting will destroy them all alike. You can still help a lot more than youve harmed Clegane, its not too late for you. ARYA is sleeping. LADY CRANE enters the bedroom, sits down beside ARYA, and strokes her face. ARYA stirs and groans. LADY CRANE stands and walks back into the abutting room. She retrieves a stool and stands atop it, reaching for a bottle on top of a bureau. She turns around and sees a young man with blonde hair. Cut to ARYAs perspective. There is a thud. ARYA awakens with a gasp and looks around. She sees a shadow moving in the abutting room.  Lady Crane? ARYA gets out of bed and winces. She walks towards the abutting room.  Lady Crane? ARYA enters the abutting room and sees LADY CRANE lying crumpled on top of the stool, dead. Blood is pooled on the ground beneath her.  If youd have done your job, she would have died painlessly. ARYA turns to see the WAIF standing in the doorway with a knife. The WAIF approaches ARYA slowly and ARYA backs away, matching her pace.  Instead The WAIF holds out her arms.  The Many-Faced God was promised a name. He must always receive what is his. You cant change that. I cant change that. No one can. And now hes been promised another name. ARYA turns around, runs out onto the balcony, and jumps off. She grunts as her hands and feet connect with the ground. The sprints off through the streets, pushing people out of the way. The WAIF emerges from the door to LADY CRANEs apartment, spies ARYA, and chases after her. ARYA runs through an alleyway. A man pushes a cart in her way. She slides underneath it and continues running. The WAIF jumps clean over the cart. ARYA turns a corner and runs down a set of stairs. A woman dumps a barrel of water on the ground outside the door to a room at the bottom of the steps. ARYA sees her and darts into the room. The WAIF turns the corner to the steps but stops when she does not see ARYA. The room ARYA has entered is a sauna. She moves through it. A number of men in towels are relaxing in the heat. ARYA emerges from the door on the opposite side of the sauna and looks around. She enters the crowd, walking through it. The WAIF appears on a high wall behind her, then jumps down into the crowd. ARYA turns back to see her and runs away. The WAIF pursues her. ARYA reaches the end of the marketplace and jumps off a high wall. She lands on a large set of steps where many fruit merchants have laid their baskets. She tumbles down the steps, knocking over the baskets as she goes and grunting with pain. The crowd clamors. ARYA comes to a stop at the bottom of the steps. She puts her hand to her stomach. Her hand comes away bloody. The WAIF appears at the top of the steps. ARYA sees her, stands, and throws herself over a small wall into an alleyway. The WAIF follows her. ARYA whimpers as she moves through the alleyway. She leaves blood stains on everything she touches. She enters a small, dark room, lit by a single candle. The WAIF follows her inside, knife in hand. ARYA kneels in the small living space she has made for herself. The WAIF enters and shuts the door behind her.  It will all be over soon. On your knees or on your feet? ARYA retrieves Needle from beneath a blanket and stands.  Havent we been through this already? That wont help you. The WAIF advances. ARYA holds Needle up in front of her face, closes her eyes, and cuts the candle in half. The room goes dark. JAQEN enters the main hall. He notices a blood trail on the floor leading to the Hall of Faces. He follows the trail and enters the Hall. The trail leads to one of the columns bearing the faces. The WAIFs bloody face rests in one of the sconces.  You told her to kill me. ARYA appears behind JAQEN, pointing Needle at him. JAQEN turns to face her.  Yes. But here you are. And there she is. JAQEN pushes his chest against Needles point.  Finally a girl is no one.  A girl is Arya Stark of Winterfell and Im going home. JAQEN smiles. ARYA turns and exits. Heavy snow is falling. MEERA is dragging BRANs sledge through the forest. BRANs eyes are glazed white. He experiences many visions of the past all at once. MEERA staggers and falls against the base of a tree. She puts all her weight into pulling the sledge, but it does not budge. She begins crying and goes to BRAN, cradling his head. BRAN continues to have rapid fire visions, then sees a group of wights running through the woods. He wakes up from the visions and looks at MEERA.  Meera. They found us. MEERA looks out into the woods and sees the group of wights. She begins crying and embraces BRAN.  Im so sorry. The wights converge on MEERA and BRAN. Moments before they reach them, a cloaked rider appears. The riders horse kicks one of the wights out of the way, then the rider extends a chain which lights on fire at the end. Two wights charge, and the rider hits them both with the chain, setting them on fire. A third wight tries to attack his horse, but the horses bulk rebuffs it into a tree and it crumbles. The rider plunges a chain-sickle into the chest of another wight, then rides forward, dragging the wight behind his horse. He sets another wight on fire with the chain, launching it into the air, and then approaches BRAN and MEERA.  Come with me, now. A large group of wights approaches.  The dead dont rest. The rider leans down and hoists BRAN up onto his horse. MEERA takes the riders hand and joins them on the horses back. The three of them ride off into the forest with wights in pursuit. SAM, GILLY, and LITTLE SAMare riding in a carriage escorted by several soldiers. GILLY looks out the window. SAM is holding LITTLE SAM.  Its so green.  Oh, yes. Once you get south of the Riverlands, very different sorts of trees start to take over. Maple, elm, beech, poplar. The odd willow. And of course now that summers over, youll start seeing the autumn colors coming in. Still, youll find more green here than anywhere else.  Youre nervous. Youre a nervous talker. SAM looks away.  Thats not any better being a nervous mute.  I didnt think Id ever come back here after my father made me renounce my title and inheritance and, well, threaten to kill me if I didnt. A person just doesnt feel welcome at that point. GILLY looks at LITTLE SAM.  And I certainly didnt expect to be introducing him to my family. So you know what to tell them.  That Little Sam is your baby.  Yes, now thats very important. If he thinks that Little Sam is his grandchild, hell take you in. Hell get an education. Hell learn to read. And you can help teach him. Huh?  What did you tell your family about me?  I told them I met you in the North.  Did you tell them how far north?  Well, it wasnt a very large piece of parchment.  You didnt tell them where Im really from? You didnt tell them Im a wildling?  The thing is...my father doesnt like wildlings. He hoped Id make a man of myself by killing some bloody wildlings, so its probably a good subject to avoid if at all possible. GILLY looks out the window.  I think were here. SAM looks out the window. The carriage is approaching the castle on Horn Hill. A party of guests is lined up at the entrance to the castle courtyard. GILLY and SAM enter. GILLY is carrying LITTLE SAM. SAMs mother, MELESS, and his sister, TALLA, descend a set of stairs and approach them.  Sam. Oh, Sam. SAM and MELESSA embrace.  Oh, hello, Mother.  I never thought Id see you again. You look wonderful.  Oh. TALLA embraces SAM and he grunts.  Talla? Gods, youre a woman now.  Father says I have to marry Symun Fossoway. He has yellow teeth- -  Thats enough, Talla.  Oh, um, Mother, this is Gilly. GILLY bows her head and curtsies.  Oh, my. You are lovely.  I am happy to know you, Lady Tarly.  Oh, and this, this is our son Samwell. MELESSA and TALLA smile at each other. MELESSA approaches the baby and smiles.  Hello, little one. Its me, your grandmother. LITTLE SAM smiles and touches MELESSAs face.  May I hold him?  Yes, of course. GILLY passes LITTLE SAM to MELESSA.  You have a curious mind, I can tell. Youll be a scholar like your father.  Where is Father? And Dickon?  Theyre on a hunt. Theyll join us for dinner. Come inside. Such a journey. You must be exhausted. MELESSA passes LITTLE SAM back to GILLY. SAM and MELESSA proceed up the steps. TALLA takes GILLYs arm and they follow.  Come, youll be wanting a bath after all that travel. Oh, and a dress for dinner. You can wear one of mine. Whats your color? Midnight blue or silver? Silver, maybe. Come. You can choose one of my bedrooms if you want. TOMMEN and the HIGH SPARROW are standing in the central chamber. TOMMEN lights a candle.  Is there no other way?  Youre afraid for her?  Of course Im afraid for her! It just seems very dangerous.  Shell be protected the entire way. The Faith Militant are very stern with those who overstep their bounds. And Queen Margaery isnt your mother. I suspect the gods will predispose the common people to gentleness on her behalf. Shes truly opened her heart to them.  Shes always been very devoted to the poor and the unfortunate.  And now shes devoted to the gods as well. Would you like to see her? MARGAERY is sitting on a bench reading a book. The door opens. TOMMEN and the HIGH SPARROW are visible outside. TOMMEN enters and stares at MARGAERY. The HIGH SPARROW closes the door behind TOMMEN. MARGAERY sets down her book and stands. They embrace.  Have they hurt you? Have they mistreated you?  No, Your Grace.  Ive missed you. More than you could know.  Well be together again soon and everything will be better than it was before.  Better how? Soon the- - walk of atonement. He says theres no other way.  Have you spoken to him at all, the High Sparrow?  Yes, a few times. Have you?  Yes, I have. Hes not quite what we thought he was, is he? TOMMEN scrunches up his face. MARGAERY chuckles and turns away.  You think Im mad. I sound mad.  No. No, you dont. You- - you could never. Youre right, hes not. Hes a lot more- -  He is. Theres something about him. His way of looking at the world. Its not an easy thing admitting to yourself what you really are. Its taken me a while. Hes helped me.  What are you talking about? Youre a good person. Youve always been a good person. Youre the best person I know. MARGAERY chuckles and retrieves her book from the bench.  I was just telling him about your devotion to the poor.  Ah, yes, I visited their hovels and I fed them soup and I made sure I was seen doing it. I never gave them what they really needed, though. Ive had lots of time to think about how good I was at seeming good. All those stories I told myself about who I was and why I did the things I did. There were so many lies in those stories.  I dont understand. MARGAERY rushes to TOMMEN and takes his hand.  Its all right. It really is. Its such a relief to let go of those lies. MARGAERY leads him to the bench and they sit down on it together.  What about Loras?  I love my brother. I will always love my brother. His soul is pure and perfect. His sins dont erase that purity, they only obscure it. He just needs to atone for them. We all do. Sooner or later, one way or another. The gods have a plan for us all. SAM paces. GILLY enters on the far end of the hall. She is wearing a dress and her hair is done up.  Its hard to walk in this.  Its beautiful. Youre beautiful. GILLY takes SAMs arm and they walk down the hall together. SAM, GILLY, MELESSA, TALLA, DICKON, and RANDYLL are sitting around the dinner table eating. RANDYLL takes a bite and stares at SAM. GILLY looks around at others using their utensils and mimics them. SAM looks at DICKON.  This venison, its very tasty. Is it from todays hunt?  Well, no. We havent been able to cure that one yet. This is last weeks.  Oh, of course. Sorry. Long journey.  Brought it down from 70 yards. One shot.  Oh, thats a fair distance.  So do you do much hunting up at the wall?  Oh, yes. Yes. A good amount. North of the Wall, you dont hunt, you dont eat.  Mm-hmmm. Mostly deer or is it elk as well?  Rabbits. Sometimes squirrels. I say we, its my friend Jon mostly. Sometimes Edd. Oh, and Gilly. Shes- - shes quite a good hunter as well. Um, huntress.  I imagine its common where youre from. We once met a man, Lord Umber from Last Hearth, wasnt it, Randyll, who said he taught all his daughters how to hunt.  Your father taught you to hunt? Our father would never teach us. I think our father could learn a thing or two from your father.  Thats enough of that.  Samwell, would you care for more bread?  Oh, yes. Yes, please. Thank you, Mother. A servant girl retrieves the basket of bread. She holds out the basket to SAM. SAM reaches for the bread.  Not fat enough already? SAM waves the servant away.  I travelled south under orders from the Lord Commander. He wants me to- -  I read your letter. Youre to be a maester.  Yes. And once I have my chain, Ill return to Castle Black.  I thought the Nights Watch might make a man of you. Something resembling a man at least. You managed to stay soft and fat. SAM puts down his utensils.  Your nose buried in books. Spending your life reading about the achievements of better men. Ill wager you still cant sit a horse or wield a sword.  Randyll, to be maester of the Nights Watch is a great honor.  He can wield a sword. He killed a Thenn. He killed a White Walker. DICKON laughs.  Theres no such thing.  I saw it with my own eyes on our way down to Castle Black. He drove a dagger into the walkers heart. He risked his own life to save mine more than once. Hes a greater warrior than either of you will ever be.  Your way down to Castle Black? Where did he kill a white walker? Where are you from? Howd you come to meet my son?  The Nights Watch came to our keep.  Where?  Gilly.  North of the Wall.  North of the Wall? Youre a Wildling. The Seven Kingdoms have waged war against these savages for centuries and here I sit hosting one in my hall thanks to my son. See that sword? RANDYLL points to a blade mounted on a mantle beside the table.  Its called Heartsbane. Its been in our family for 500 years. Its Valyrian steel. Only a handful of them left in the world. Its supposed to go to my firstborn son after I die. To him. He will never wield that sword. If he were to become Lord Tarly of Horn Hill, it would be the end of this house. I took you for a Moles Town whore when I saw you and I made my peace with that. Who else would have him? But I overestimated him. No. It was a wildling whore that seduced my son. This you getting back at me, boy? Hmm? Bring that to my table and making me dine with it. And you got what you were after, didnt you? A bastard. A half-breed bastard. Your invitation into our home. MELESSA throws down her utensils and stands. She walks to GILLY.  Come, my dear. Talla. TALLA and GILLY stand and begin to follow MELESSA out of the hall.  Ive lost my appetite.  He dishonors us.  You dishonor yourself.  Your mothers a fine woman. Youre not worthy of her. To please her, Ill take the wildling in. She can work in the kitchens. The bastard will be raised here. But this will be the last night you ever spend at Horn Hill. GILLY is sitting at the foot of the bed. LITTLE SAM is in a crib beside her. SAM stands before them both. He hangs his head.  Im sorry I let him treat you that way. I was afraid hed turn you and Little Sam away.  Im not angry at you. Im angry that horrible people can treat good people that way and get away with it. When do you have to go?  First light. LITTLE SAM fusses and reaches for SAM. SAM takes his hand.  Say good-bye to him for me. SAM starts off but GILLY stands and gets in his way. She places her hands on his chest and kisses him.  Youre not what he thinks you are, Sam. He doesnt know what you are.  Good-bye, Gilly. SAM walks to the door. He turns back and stares at GILLY before closing the doors. GILLY looks around the guest chamber and then goes to LITTLE SAM. She pulls his blanket up higher and comforts him. SAM bursts back into the room.  Sam?  Were leaving.  What?  Get your things.  I dont have any things. SAM picks up LITTLE SAM.  What are you doing?  We belong together. All of us. SAM and GILLY walk briskly through the hall. GILLY is carrying LITTLE SAM.  What about your mother and sister?  Oh, theyll understand.  Your sisters dress. SAM grabs a stool and carries it in front of the mantle hosting Heartsbane.  She wont mind. Looks better on you anyway. SAM climbs on top of the stool.  Sam. Thats your fathers sword. SAM lifts Heartsbane off the mantle. He groans and slides it into its scabbard.  Its my familys sword.  Sam. Wont he come for it?  He can bloody well try. SAM hops down off the stool. The acting troupe is putting on a repeat performance of The Bloody Hand, their play about the happenings of Westerosi royalty. AYRA is standing in the crowd in the front row. On stage is CLORENZO portraying JOFFREY, an actress portraying MARGAERY, BIANCA portraying SANSA, BOBONO portraying TYRION, and LADY CRANE portraying CERSEI. CLORENZO is at center stage, brandishing a prop sword.  The lion and the rose are one. I thank the gods above. The actress portraying MARGAERY runs to CLARENZO.  And to you, my beauteous bridge, I pledge undying love.  Hail King Joffrey. Hail Queen Margaery.  Ill drink a toast to my new queen, for there is no one fairer. Dear Uncle, will you share my joy and be my royal cupbearer? BOBONO approaches CLARENZO and hands him a prop cup.  Drink long and deep, my noble king, from this cup of sweet wine. CLARNEZO takes the prop cup and BOBONO walks to center stage, addressing the audience.  The last drink he shall ever take. And vengeance shall be mine. BOBONO laughs and the audience boos. CLARENZO takes a sip from the prop cup, then gags and sputters. The audience gasps. He moves to center stage.  Poison! Murder! I gasp. I- - I die. ARYA smiles and laughs in the crowd.  I limp. And it was he CLARENZO points at BOBONO. BOBONO holds up a prop vial of poison. The audience gasps and boos.  ...that poisoned me. My evil Uncle Imp. BOBONO laughs and exits with BIANCA. The audience boos. CLARENZO collapses and LADY CRANE kneels down beside him. ARYA laughs. LADY CRANE cradles the head of the actor portraying JOFFREY.  My firstborn son. My golden lion foully, falsely slain. I pray you found a lasting peace free from strife and pain. ARYAs smile fades.  Hear my prayer, O cruel gods. Take my life instead. For I cannot face another day when my sweet boy is dead. Oh, woe. Oh grief. ARYA notices BIANCA standing offstage. BIANCA is watching LADY CRANEs performance and mouths her lines as she utters them.  Oh, darkest day, my heart is full of sorrow. All hope is lost. All joy is gone. And there is no tomorrow. LADY CRANE kisses CLARENZOs cheek and lays his head down. The audience claps. The actors clear out the stage and the prop men change the scene. BOBONO enters carrying a prop crossbow. IZEMBARO, portraying TYWIN, is sitting on a prop toilet.  What is that I hear and smell? Someone Ill soon send to hell. ARYA leaves the front row and moves through the crowd.  Its time to see if truth they told who said Tywin Lannister shits gold. BOBONO pretends to shoot IZEMBARO with the crossbow. IZEMBARO cries out.  You beast. You beast. You killed my wife and now youve taken your fathers life. ARYA enters and walks further inward. On her way through the entrance hall, she sees the prop head the performers use for NEDs execution scene.  No worse child ever stained this land.  Curse the day I named you. IZEMBARO groans as though dying and turns to the side. The sound guy makes a farting noise.  My greatest crime. Now I must flee. ARYA walks into the actors break room.  Then sail across the Narrow Sea to do unto you more treachery. ARYA draws the curtain and stares at LADY CRANEs bottle of rum.  Dont fear the winter.  Fear me! BOBONO shoots a prop arrow into the audience and laughs. The audience gasps and boos him offstage.  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Bianca, Clarenzo. ARYA retrieves a vial of from her satchel. She uncorks LADY CRANEs bottle of rum. IZEMBARO, BIANCA, and CLARENZO stand center stage.  I give you Bobono. BOBONO enters the stage and the audience boos.  I give you Camello. ARYA pours the contents of the vial into LADY CRANEs rum bottle and corks it.  And last but not least, sweet Lady Crane. On stage, LADY CRANE enters and bows. The crowd cheers wildly. AYRA hears the cheering. She tucks the away the vial, draws back the curtain, and exits the break room. The actors are all piling into the area. CAMELLO approaches ARYA in the entrance hallway and hands her his costume cloak.  Give this a good beating. Shake those fleas out. Thats a dear. IZEMBARO and BIANCA enter.  That crowd was shit. ARYA walks past them and puts down the cloak. She moves to leave. LADY CRANE enters and sees her.  Girl. ARYA stops on the steps and looks at LADY CRANE.  What are you doing back here?  Nothing.  I saw you the other day in the audience. How many times have you seen this stupid play?  Three times.  Did you pay? ARYA smiles.  No. ARYA walks off the steps to get out of the way of the prop men.  I remember when the players came to my village. I didnt have any money, so I snuck in. Just like you. Saw the painted faces, the costumes, listened to the songs, cried when the young lovers died in each others arms. I ran off and joined them the next day, never looked back.  Youre very good.  My final speech is shit. LADY CRANE takes ARYA by the waist and ushers her towards the break room.  But to be fair to myself, which I always like to be, the writings no good. They stop in a side corridor.  So change it. It would all just be farting, belching, and slapping without you.  How would you change it?  The queen loves her son more than anything. And he was taken from her before she could say good-bye. She wouldnt just cry. She would be angry. She would want to kill the person who did this to her.  Whats your name?  Mercy.  You have very expressive eyes, Mercy. ARYA smiles.  Wonderful eyebrows. Do you like pretending to be other people?  I have to go. My fathers waiting for me. ARYA exits. LADY CRANE enter the break room. BIANCA takes off her wig and notices LADY CRANE.  Lady Crane, they loved you. LADY CRANE removes her wig.  They were sweet. Or drunk. Drunkenly sweet.  No laugh for Neds death. These people are worse than animals. IZEMBARO sips from a mug and gestures to LADY CRANE.  But they loved her. They all love her. CAMELLO removes his wig and approaches LADY CRANE.  Yes, you are adored by people and animals alike.  I do what I can with what Im given.  With what youre given?  Well, I was thinking- -  Oh, were all thinkers now, are we? IZEMBARO stands, slaps his chest, and walks closer to LADY CRANE.  Full to the tits with ideas.  I didnt mean- -  You have ideas, I have ideas, he has ideas. Why should my ideas have any more value than yours simply because Ive been doing this my whole life? Who is anyone to judge my work? This is my profession. I know what Im doing. IZEMBARO removes his wig.  You have no right to an opinion. LADY CRANE brings a glass of rum to her lips. Just before she drinks, ARYA appears and slaps the glass out of her hands. Everyone in the room stares at ARYA. ARYA points at BIANCA.  Careful of that one. She wants you dead. ARYA exits. The WAIF is revealed to have been watching. ARYA pulls the stones away from where she hid Needle. She pulls Needle from inside the rocks and stares at it. JAQEN is cutting the face of a corpse. The WAIF enters.  And?  As I expected.  A shame. A girl had many gifts. JAQEN begins lifting the face off of the corpse.  You promised me.  Dont let her suffer. The WAIF nods and exits. JAQEN pulls the face from the corpse. ARYA sets down a lit candle and brandishes Needle. She places Needle on the ground, sits down beside it, and blows out the candle. JAIME is wearing armor and sitting atop a horse. He watches as MACE TYRELL, also wearing armor, leads a force of many soldiers down the street. MACE stops in front of JAIME and the soldiers halt.  My lord.  My lord. MACE turns his horse to face the soldiers.  My friends, the hour has come. Madness has overtaken this city and grasped in its claws my children. But now we must drive it back under the rocks whence it came. Madness has had its day! MACE turns his horse back the other way and nods at JAIME. JAIME nods back.  Forward, march! The HIGH SPARROW is standing on the steps beside MARGAERY and SEPTA UNELLA.. They are surrounded by Faith Militant, including LANCEL. The HIGH SPARROW is addressing a large gathering of commoners who stand at the foot of the steps.  Rich or poor, noble or common, if we win, we must atone. Margaery of House Tyrell came to us a sinner. She stood before the gods in the holy sept and lied. She turned a blind eye to her brothers sins. She disgraces her house, the king, and herself. The crowd murmurs and parts. JAIME and MACE enter, leading the soldiers. MARGAERY gasps to herself. On the side, a smaller group of soldiers sets down a carriage. OLENNA steps out of the carriage.  Company, halt! Face front! Turn! The soldiers form up and turn to face the steps.  Lord Tyrell. MACE nods at the HIGH SPARROW.  Ser Jaime.  Sorry to interrupt. Were here for Queen Margaery and Ser Loras Tyrell. Give them to us and well be on our way.  I dont have the authority to give them to you. And you dont have the authority to take them. The crowd murmurs. JAIME ushers his horse forward and rides it up the steps. He halts in front of the Faith Militant.  Lock spears! The soldiers grunt and point their spears towards the Faith Militant.  I speak for King Tommen of House Baratheon, First of His Name.  The gods dont recognize his authority in this matter.  You already insulted one great house. It wont happen twice. Every last sparrow will die before Margaery walks down that street.  To die in the service of the gods would please each and every one of us. We yearn for it. But there is no call for it today. There will be no walk of atonement. The crowd murmurs. OLENNA motions to MACE with her fan. MACE motions to one of the high ranking soldiers, who nods to the Captain.  Order up! The soldiers return to a relaxed position.  Queen Margaery has already atoned for her sins by bringing another into the true light of the Seven. The doors to the Great Sept of Baelor open. TOMMEN emerges, accompanied by the Kingsguard. The crowd murmurs. JAIME looks back at OLENNA, who looks down. TOMMEN and the Kingsguard walk down the steps until TOMMEN stands beside MARGAERY. TOMMEN takes MARGAERYs hand.  Together we announce a new age of harmony. A holy alliance between the Crown and the Faith. The crowd cheers.  Long live King Tommen and bless you, Queen Margaery! TOMMEN looks at JAIME. JAIME shakes his head. TOMMEN looks at the crowd.  The crown and the faith are the twin pillars upon which the world rests. Together we will restore the Seven Kingdoms to glory. The crowd cheers.  Whats happening?  Hes beaten us. Thats whats happening. The HIGH SPARROW smiles at JAIME. The room is lined with soldiers on either side. TOMMEN is sitting on the throne. KEVAN stands beside him. JAIME stands at the foot of the throne and removes his armor, letting it drop to the floor.  When you attack the Faith, you attack the Crown. Anyone who attacks the Crown is unfit to serve as Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.  Ive been a member of the Kingsguard since before you were born. You dont have to do this. You dont have to do anything.  I have to answer to the gods.  Not when youre sitting in that chair.  The Crowns decision on this matter is final.  Will I be walking naked in the streets? Or will I spend a few months in the sept dungeons first to teach me about the gods mercy? TOMMEN and KEVAN look at each other.  You have served your house and your king faithfully for many years. And you will continue to do so. But not in this city. THE CROSSING - DINING HALL WALDER FREY is sitting in a high chair addressing two of his sons, BLACK WALDER and LOTHAR. One of his young daughter stands beside him. Many other family members sit at the tables, eating.  Youve lost it?  Yes, father.  Its a castle, not a bloody sheep. Presumably you still know where it is. You didnt lose Riverrun. You let the Blackfish take it from you.  He surprised us. He knows the castle better than anyone.  You did lose the Blackfish after the Red Wedding. You had him right here in this hall and you let him leave. Then when I told you to hunt him down and kill him, you couldnt find him. Thats what it means to lose something. Now hes come back and taken Riverrun.  I dont think its fair to blame us- -  For 300 years we kissed Tully boots, swore oaths to them and their stinking fish banners. Not again. Riverrun is ours. Take it back.  We dont have the men.  Weve got 10 times as many men as the damn Blackfish.  The Mallisters have risen against us. And the Blackwoods.  The Brotherhood Without Banners is rallying the commoners against us, raiding our supply trains and camps.  Riverrun can withstand a siege for a year. WALDER slaps his daughter on on the buttocks.  If I want excuses, Ill put her in charge. Theyre laughing at us. All across the Riverlands right down to Kings Landing, theyre laughing at us. WALDER stands. Many family members stare at him.  I hear it in my sleep! Im not dead yet, unfortunately for you. And Ill not leave this world until they all choke on that laughter. Take that castle back.  Hell never yield, Father.  Oh, hell yield. WALDER nods at some servants at the rear of the hall. LOTHAR looks back at the servants. The servants exit. WALDER points first at LOTHAR and then at BLACK WALDER.  Youll show him the knife you used to kill Robb Starks child in his whore mothers belly, and youll show him the knife you used to open his nieces throat. And youll remind him who it was that got married at the Red Wedding in the first place. His nephew. WALDER pulls his daughter into his lap. The servants return, ushering in a man bound in chains. They undo his chains. The man is EDMURE TULLY. EDMURE stares at WALDER.  Cheer up, Lord Edmure. Youre going home. JAIME and CERSEI are sitting in chairs across the room from each other.  Im being sent to deal with the Blackfish. Apparently Walder Frey cant manage it on his own because hes 400 years old. Sent me with an army to the Riverlands and a siege that could last months. JAIME stands and paces.  BEtter youre elsewhere at the head of an army than in the sept dungeons.  Im not going to the Riverlands. JAIME pours himself a cup of wine.  What, then?  Im going to give Bronn the largest bag of gold anyones ever seen and have him gather the best killers he knows. Ill take them to the sept and Ill remove the High Sparrows head and every other sparrow head I can find.  You cant.  He has our son! He stole our son! Hes torn our family apart. How should we treat people who tear us apart?  We should treat them without mercy and we will. But if you kill the High Sparrow, you wont leave the sept alive. And without you, this is all for nothing. Stand at the head of our army where you belong, where Father wanted you. Show our men where their loyalties belong. Show them what lannisters are, what we do to our enemies. And take that stupid little castle back because its ours and because you can.  Youll stand trial soon. I need to he here for you.  It will be a trial by combat. I have the Mountain. Theyve made us both stronger, all of them. CERSEI stands and approaches JAIME.  They have no idea how strong we are. No idea what were going to do to them. JAIME and CERSEI embrace and kiss. CERSEI whispers into JAIMEs ear.  Weve always been together. Well always be together. Were the only two people in the world. They resume kissing. MEERA, BRAN, and the rider are gathered around a campfire. The rider beheads a rabbit and begins draining its blood. MEERA watches him.  Why did you help us? The rider looks at MEERA from behind his face mask.  The Three-Eyed Raven sent for me.  The Three-Eyed Ravens dead.  Now he lives again. BRAN startles as he comes out of a vision. MEERA goes to him.  When I last saw you, you were a boy. A fearless boy. Loved to climb the castle walls, frighten his mother.  Who are you? The rider removes his hood and face mask. He is BENJEN STARK. His skin is gray and he has blemishes on his face.  Uncle Benjen. The last letter Jon wrote me said you had been lost beyond the Wall.  I led a ranging party deep into the North to find White Walkers. They found us. A white walker stabbed me in the gut with a sword of ice. Left me there to die. To turn. The Children found me. Stopped the walkers magic from taking hold.  How?  The same way they made the Walkers in the first place. You saw it yourself.  Dragonglass. A shard of dragonglass plunged into your heart.  You are the Three-Eyed Raven now.  I didnt have time to learn. I cant control anything. BENJEN stands and walks over to BRAN and MEERA.  You must learn to control it before the Night King comes. BENJEN kneels beside BRAN and offers him a cup.  Drink. BRAN takes the cup and drinks.  One way or another, he will find his way to the world of men. When he does, you will be there waiting for him. And you will be ready. DAENERYS and DAARIO are leading the Dothraki horde on horseback. DAARIO shouts in Dothraki and raises his hand, halting the horde. DAENERYS stares at the face of a mountain crag in the distance.  Everything all right?  How many days ride to Meereen?  A week at best.  How many ships will I need to bring my khalasar to Westeros?  Dothraki and all their horses, the Unsullied, the Second Sons- - 1,000 ships easily. Probably more.  And who has that many?  Nobody.  Nobody yet.  So we ride for Meereen and after that we sail for Westeros. What then?  I take what is mine.  You werent made to sit on a chair in a palance.  What was I made for?  Youre a conqueror, Daenerys Stormborn. The wind howls. DAENERYS stares beyond the mountain crag  Wait here. DAENERYS rides away from the horde and around the bend. Time passes. The Dothraki are growing antsy.  Im going after her. Wait for me here. DAARIO starts off, but stops when a dragons roar erupts from the sky. The Dothraki look around. The shadow of a dragon appears on the mountainside. DROGON flies over the Dothraki horde with DAENERYS on its back. DROGON circles around and lands in front of the horde. He roars.  Every khal who ever lived chose three blood riders to fight beside him and guard his way. But I am not a khal. I will not choose three blood riders. I choose you all. The Dothraki cheer.  I will ask more of you than any khal has ever asked of his khalassar! Will you ride the wooden horses across the black salt sea? The Dothraki cheer.  Will you kill my enemies in their iron suits and tear down their stone houses? The Dothraki cheer.  Will you give me the Seven Kingdoms, the gift Khal Drogo promised me before the Mother of Mountains? The Dothraki cheer.  Are you with me? The Dothraki continue to cheer.  Now and always? DROGON spreads his wings and roars. Many men are performing various tasks pertaining to the construction of a church. Many women are preparing food.  Thats it. Get it to the top.  Steady. Steady. BROTHER RAY is standing beneath the framing, addressing two men who are hoisting up a log.  Up she goes. RAY turns to another man and slaps him on the back.  Hey, come on. Put your back into it, huh? RAY walks a few paces away, grabs an ax, and lifts it up to a man standing on the church framing.  Here you are, son. The man standing on the framing takes the ax. RAY turns to see two men carrying a log into the opening beneath the framing. He waves them in.  Oh, gentlemen, please. RAY walks out from beneath the framing and addresses more men carrying logs. RAY. And you lot, come on. Come on, get it moving. Come on, come on. RAY hurries beneath one of the logs and laughs. He turns and looks up at the church framing, smiles, and nods. In a field a little ways off, more men are carrying larger logs towards the church framing. Four men carry each log. A man carrying one of these heavy logs by himself comes into view. He drops the log in front of the church framing and pants, then turns to look out over the landscape. The man is SANDOR CLEGANE, The Hound. SANDOR repeatedly swings an ax into a horizontal log. Woods chips fly everywhere. RAY walks up behind SANDOR.  In all my days Ive never seen a man swing an ax like that. How many men did it take to cut you down?  Just one.  Ooh. he must have been some kind of monster. SANDOR sinks the ax into the log.  He was a woman. RAY laughs. SANDOR continues chopping. RAY walks away. A man standing beneath the church framing rings a bell. All of the men rush down off the church framing and father at the food stations. The women divvy out food. RAY pours a cup of water and walks among the people. They are all sitting down on the ground and eating. SANDOR is sitting on a rock away from everyone else, eating. RAY approaches him from behind and hands him the cup of water. SANDOR takes it.  I think some of the men are a bit afraid of you.  Im used to it. SANDOR drinks the entire cup of water.  When I found you, I thought youd been dead for days. The way you were stinking already and you had bugs all over you and bone was coming through right there. RAY sits down next to SANDOR and points at SANDORs right knee.  I was gonna give you a proper burial and then you coughed. Oh, nearly shit myself. I reckoned you were gonna die by the time I loaded you on the wagon, but you didnt. Now, I reckoned youd die a dozen more times over the next few days, but you didnt. What kept you going? SANDOR pauses and stares ahead.  Hate. SANDOR continues eating.  No, theres a reason youre still here.  Aye, theres a reason. Im a big fucker and Im tough to kill.  No, a reason. Gods arent done with you yet. SANDOR smiles. RAY stands and walks a few paces away from SANDOR, then turns to face him.  Ive heard that before. Man was talking about a different god, though.  Well, maybe he was right. I dont know much about the gods.  Youre in the wrong line of work.  Oh, theres plenty of pious sons of bitches who think they know the word of god or gods. I dont. I dont even know their real names. Maybe it is the Seven. Or maybe its the old gods. Or maybe its the Lord of Light. Or maybe theyre all the same fucking thing. I dont know. What matters, I believe, is that theres something greater than us. And whatever it is, its got plans for Sandor Clegane. SANDOR stops eating and stares up at RAY. RAY nods at him.  You didnt know me back in my time. You dont know the things Ive done.  Ive heard stories.  If the gods are real...why havent they punished me?  They have. RAY walks away. SANDOR stares out across the fields. MARGAERY is reading from the Book of the Seven. She is wearing a crown. The HIGH SPARROW enters.  Your Grace. What are we reading today?  The Book of the Mother, Your Holiness. Chapter three, verse 12.  Ah, As water rounds the stones, smoothing- -  Smoothing what was jagged, so does a womans love calm a mans brute nature. A wife salves her husbands wounds, a mother sings her son to sleep.  You learn quickly. There are some who know every verse of the sacred text, but dont have a drop of the Mothers mercy in their blood and savages who cant read at all who understand the Fathers wisdom.  For year I pretended to love the poor, the afflicted. I had pity for them, but I never loved them. They disgusted me.  They are hard to love. The HIGH SPARROW sits down on a bench.  The poor disgust us because they are us, shorn of our illusions. They show us what wed look like without our fine clothes. Howd we smell without perfume. The HIGH SPARROW sighs.  Can I ask you about a personal matter?  Of course. MARGAERY sits on the bench beside the HIGH SPARROW.  The king mentioned that since your reunion, you havent joined him in the marriage bed.  No.  You have a duty, Your Grace. To your husband, your king, your country, to the gods themselves.  Its just...the desires that once drove me no longer do.  Congress does not require desire on the womans part, only patience. The king must have an heir if we are to continue our good work.  Forgive me. Sometimes the truth path is hard to find.  Hard to find and harder still to walk upon. But youve made great progress. I only pray your grandmother follows your lead. The HIGH SPARROW stands.  My grandmother?  Yes. The Queen of Thorns is a remarkable woman, a strong woman, and an unrepentant sinner. You must teach her the new way as she taught you the old. Or I fear for her safety, body and soul. MARGAERY and OLENNA are sitting at a table. SEPTA UNELLA stands several feet away, watching them.  Does it move or talk? I want to speak with you alone.  Septa Unella has been my true friend and counselor. OLENNA stands.  Oh, this is madness! OLENNA takes MARGAERYs hand and leads her out onto the balcony to a different table. SEPTA UNELLA follows them out. MARGAERY sits at the table.  Youre not in your sanctuary now, my dear. All I have to do is whistle and my men will stroll in here and bash you about...  Grandmother.  ...until I tell them to stop. If I tell them to stop. You could use a good bashing.  Grandmother, please. OLENNA sits across from MARGAERY.  What have they done to you?  You marched against the High Sparrow, against the Faith.  We marched for you.  The gods could have punished you and Father, but they didnt. They showed mercy.  And what about your brother? What mercy did they show him?  Lorass only hope is to confess his crimes and repent. If he does, the Faith will allow him to return to Highgarden. Hell have to renounce his name and title...  Have you lost your mind?  ...and live his life as a penitent.  He is the heir to Highgarden, the future of House Tyrell.  He can begin again.  As a mindless fanatic.  As a free man.  You will leave for Highgarden today. There is no law that says you must stay here. MARGAERY stands.  I am the queen. It is my duty to serve my husband the king. MARGAERY walks around the table and kneels before OLENNA. Her back is to SEPTA UNELLA.  But you should leave, Grandmother. Your place is at home.  I will never leave you. Never.  You must. MARGAERY slips a piece of paper into OLENNAs hand. MARGAERYs eyes widen.  Go home. Find comfort in prayer and good works. MARGAERY stands.  The Mother watches over us all. OLENNA stands.  Ill see you soon, my dear. MARGAERY and OLENNA embrace. MARGAERY closes her eyes and then steps back.  Seven blessings to you, Grandmother. OLENNA nods and walks back into her chamber. MARGAERY stifles tears. She regains her composure and turns to face SEPTA UNELLA.  Shall we pray? OLENNA walks out onto the balcony and shuts the door behind her. She looks around and then unfolds the piece of paper MARGAERY placed in her hand and looks at it. There is a drawing of a rose on it. OLENNA looks up and smiles. JON SNOW, SANSA, DAVOS, TORMUND, and WUN WUN are meeting with DIM DALBA and the other Wildling leaders. They are all gathered around a fire pit.  We said wed fight with you, King Crow, when the time comes and we meant it, but this isnt what we agreed to. These arent White Walkers. This isnt an army of the dead. This isnt our find.  If it werent for him, none of us would be here. All of you would be meat in the Night Kings army. And Id be a pile of charred bones just like Mance.  Remember Mances camp? It stretched all the way to the horizon. And look at us now. Look whats left of us. And if we lose this, were gone. Dozens of tribes, hundreds of generations. Be like we were never there at all. Well be the last of the free folk.  Thats whatll happen to you if we lose. The Boltons, the Karstarks, the Umbers, they know youre here. They know that more than half of you are women and children. After they finish with me, theyll come for you. Youre right. This isnt your fight. You shouldnt have to come to Winterfell with me. I shouldnt be asking you. Its not the deal we made. I need you with me if were gonna beat them, and we need to beat them if youre going to survive. TORMUND gestures to JON SNOW.  The crows killed him because he spoke for the free folk when no other southerners would. He died for us. If we are not willing to do the same for him, were cowards. And if thats what we are, we deserve to be the last of the free folk. WUN WUN stands.  Snow. WUN WUN walks away. DIM DALBA looks at the men around him. One of them nods. DIM DALBA walks up to JON SNOW and holds out his hand. JON takes it. DIM DALBA returns to his men.  Are you sure theyll come?  Were not clever like you southerners. When we say well do something, we do it. JON SNOW exhales. OLENNA is sitting at a table, writing. CERSEI enters with GREGOR in tow.  I heard you were leaving Kings Landing.  That is hardly your concern.  Your grandson is still a prisoner. Youll leave him rotting in a cell?  Loras rots in a cell because of you. THe High Sparrow rules this city because of you. Our two ancient houses face collapse because of you and your stupidity.  Youre right. I made a terrible mistake. I carry it with me every single day.  Good.  I delivered an army of fanatics onto our doorstep. And now we must fight them together. We need each other.  I wonder if youre the worst person Ive ever met. At a certain age, its hard to recall. But the truly vile do stand out through the years. Do you remember the way you smirked at me when my grandson and granddaughter were dragged off to their cells? I do. Ill never forget it.  You love your granddaughter. I love my son. Its the only truth I know. We must defend them.  Im leaving this wretched city as fast as I can before that shoeless zealot throws me into one of his cells. If youre half as bright as you think you are, youll find your way out of here, too.  Never. Ill never leave my son.  Whatll you do, then? You have no support. Not anymore. Your brothers gone. The High Sparrow saw to that. The rest of your family have abandoned you. The people despise you. Youre surrounded by enemies, thousands of them. Youre going to kill them all by yourself? Youve lost, Cersei. Its the only joy I can find in all this misery. OLENNA goes back to writing. A Lannister army approaches Riverrun led by JAIME and BRONN. JAIME and BRONN stop their horses on a hill and look out at the encampment of Freys at the foot of Riverrun.  Pick the pace up. Keep going.  Keep it moving!  Now, that is a sorry attempt at a siege. Someone needs to teach those sad twats how to dig trenches.  Someone certainly does. JAIME looks at BRONN.  Oh, no. Not me. Im just an upjumped sellsword.  Youre an anointed knight. Theres quite a difference.  Aye, knights dont get paid.  You have better instincts than any officer in the Lannister army.  Thats like saying I have a bigger cock than anyone in the Unsullied army.  I expect to command all the Lannister forces before long. You can be the right hand I lost.  You promised me a lordship and a castle and a highborn beauty for a wife.  And youll get all three. A Lannister always- -  Dont say it. Dont fucking say it. BRONN ushers his horse onwards. JAIME and BRONN lead a group of Lannister soldiers through the encampment. Some Frey men gather around and stare at them. LOTHAR is standing at the foot of Riverrun, shouting up at the castle walls. BLACK WALDER is behind him, standing on a makeshift hangmans platform. EDMURE is also on the platform with a noose around his neck. JAIME and BRONN watch them.  Come out and fight us, Blackfish. Yield the castle or well hang him. BRYNDEN TULLY, the Blackfish, walks along Riverruns castle wall and comes to a stop in front of an arrowslit. He stares out at LOTHAR, BLACK WALDER, and EDMURE.  This is your last warning. Yield the castle. LOTHAR looks back at BLACK WALDER. BLACK WALDER takes the noose off of EDMUREs neck and draws a knife.  You think I wont do it, old man? BLACK WALDER holds the knife to EDMUREs neck.  I sliced your nieces throat from ear to ear. And where were you? Running and hiding like a fucking coward. Yield the castle or I cut his throat.  Go on, then. Cut his throat. BRYNDEN walks away. LOTHAR looks at BLACK WALDER and shrugs. BLACK WALDER takes the knife away from EDMUREs neck. Some Frey men take EDMURE away. JAIME, BRONN, and the Lannister army advance towards LOTHAR and BLACK WALDER, and stop in front of them.  Lothar, is it?  Ser Jaime. We didnt know you were coming.  Cause you didnt set up a proper perimeter. You just allowed 8,000 men to approach unchallenged.  Good thing were friends or wed be fucking you in the ass right now.  Have Lord Edmure bathed and fed. BLACK WALDER waves at the Frey men escorting EDMURE.  Whoa, whoa. The Frey men stop walking. BLACK WALDER approaches JAIME.  Walder. LOTHAR puts his hand out to stop BLACK WALDER, but BLACK WALDER pushes him away. BLACK WALDER walks up to JAIME.  Edmure is a prisoner of House Frey. JAIME looks BLACK WALDER up and down.  Only a fool makes threats hes not prepared to carry out. Now lets say I threatened to hit you unless you shut your mouth, but you kept talking. What do you think Id do?  I dont give a rats- - JAIME hits BLACK WALDER across the face with his gold hand. BLACK WALDER staggers back beside LOTHAR.  Im here by the kings command to take back this castle. Have him bathed and fed. Unless youd like to take his place.  Apologies, Ser Jaime. LOTHAR waves at the Frey men escorting EDMURE.  Do as he says.  The siege is now under my command. The next time the Blackfish looks out from those ramparts, hell see an army at his gates, not whatever this is.  Have your lads start digging perimeter trenches. Set pickets every hundred yards. And work double-time on those siege towers and trebuchets.  Those are our siege towers- -  As I said, the siege is under my command. If thats not to your liking, go home. LOTHAR and BLACK WALDER walk away. BRONN walks up behind JAIME.  Get word to the Blackfish. I want a parley.  A parley or a fight?  Hes an old man.  Youve got one hand. My moneys on the old boy. The castle of House Mormont sits atop a high hill. Waterfalls pour out below. A bird screeches. LYANNA MORMONT sits at a high table flanked by a commander and a maester. JON SNOW, SANSA, and DAVOS enter. Some guards close the doors behind them.  Lady Mormont.  Welcome to Bear Island. JON SNOW looks at SANSA.  I remember when you were born, my lady. You were named for my Aunt Lyanna. It was said she was a great beauty. Im sure you will be, too.  I doubt it. My mother wasnt a great beauty or any other kind of beauty. She was a great warrior, though. She died fighting for your brother, Robb.  I served under your uncle at Castle Black, Lady Lyanna. He was also a great warrior and an honorable man. I was his steward. In fact- -  I think weve had enough small talk. What are you here?  Stannis Baratheon garrisoned at Castle Black before he marched on Winterfell and was killed. He showed me the letter you wrote to him when he petitioned for men. It said- -  I remember what it said. Bear Island knows no king but the King in the North whose name is Stark.  Robb is gone, but House Stark is not. And it needs your support now more than ever. Ive come with my sister to ask for House Mormonts allegiance. LYANNA leans towards her maester. They whisper to each other. LYANNA turns back to face JON SNOW.  As far as I understand, youre a Snow and Lady Sansa is a Bolton. Or is she a Lannister? Ive heard conflicting reports.  I did what I had to do to survive, my lady. But I am a Stark. I will always be a Stark.  If you say so. In any case, you dont just want my allegiance. You want my fighting men.  Ramsay Bolton cannot be allowed to keep Winterfell, my lady. It is our duty to stop him. Even more so because he holds our brother Rickon Stark as prisoner. What you have to understand, my lady, is that- -  I understand that Im responsible for Bear Island and all who live here. So why should I sacrifice one more Mormont life for someone elses war? JON SNOW and SANSA fall silent. DAVOS steps forward.  If it please, my lady, I understand how you feel.  I dont know you, Ser?  Davos, my lady, of House Seaworth. LYANNA turns to her maester.  You neednt ask your maester about my house. Its rather new. LYANNA settles back into her chair.  All right, Ser Davos of House Seaworth. How is it you understand how I feel?  You never thought youd find yourself in your position. Being responsible for so many lives at such a young age. I never thought Id be in my position. I was a crabbers son, then I was a smuggler. And now I found myself addressing the lady of a great house in time of war. But Im here because this isnt someone elses war. Its our war.  Go on, Ser Davos.  Your uncle, Lord Commander Mormont, made that man his steward. He chose Jon to be his successor because he knew had the courage to do what was right, even if it meant giving his life. Because Jeor Mormont and Jon Snow both understood that the real war isnt between a few squabbling houses. Its between the living and the dead. And make no mistake, my lady, the dead are coming.  Is this true? JON SNOW nods.  Your uncle fought them at the Fist of the First Men. I fought them at Hardhome. We both lost.  As long as the Boltons hold Winterfell, the North is divided. And a divided North wont stand a chance against the Night King. You want to protect your people, my lady. I understand. But theres no hiding from this. We have to fight and we need to do it together. LYANNAs maester leans over to whisper in her ear, but she waves him away.  House Mormont has kept faith with House Stark for 1,000 years. We will not break faith today.  Thank you, my lady. How many fighting men can we expect? LYANNA leans to her military commander and they whisper to each other.  62.  62?  We are not a large house, but were a proud one. And every man from Bear Island fights with the strength of 10 mainlanders.  If theyre half as ferocious as their lady, the Boltons are doomed. LYANNA smiles and nods. JAIME is on horseback, galloping through the encampment. He is accompanied by a bannerman and a regiment of foot soldiers. When he reaches the bridge leading to Riverruns castle, he dismounts his horse and walks across it. He stands at the foot of the bridge and stares down into the water. Above, several Tully soldiers notch their crossbows and point them at him through arrowslits. The drawbridge lowers. BRYNDEN stands on the other side, accompanied by a regiment of Tully soldiers. BRYNDEN walks out across the drawbridge alone and approaches JAIME.  Kingslayer.  Blackfish.  I assume youre here to fulfill the vow you gave my niece. I dont see Sansa and Arya.  I dont have them.  Pity. Do you wish to resume your captivity? JAIME shakes his head.  Then why are you here?  You know why Im here. This castle belongs to House Frey. Youre trespassing. In the name of King Tommen, I order you to surrender or- -  Or youll kill Edmure? BRYNDEN walks past JAIME.  My nephews marked for death no matter what. Hang him and be done with it.  It wont stop with Edmure. Youll force me to storm the castle. Hundreds will die.  Hundreds of mine. Thousands of yours. If you can breach the walls. JAIME positions himself beside BRYNDEN.  Well breach them and kill every last one of you. But if you surrender, Ill spare the lives of your men. On my honor.  Your honor? Bargaining with oathbreakers is like building on quicksand.  The war is over, ser. Why sacrifice living men to a lost cause? BRYNDEN turns to face JAIME and walks close to him.  As long as Im standing, the war is not over. This is my home. I was born in this castle and Im ready to die in it. So you can either attack or try to starve us out. We have enough provisions for two years. Do you have two years, Kingslayer? BRYNDEN walks past JAIME and continues back across the drawbridge.  You clearly have no intention of saving your mens lives. Why did you come to treat with me? BRYNDEN turns back to face JAIME.  Sieges are dull. And I wanted to see you in person, get the measure of you.  Well, now you have.  Aye, now I have. Im disappointed. BRYNDEN turns around and walks back inside the castle. The drawbridge begins to close. JAIME scrunches up his face, turns around, and walks back across the bridge. JON SNOW, SANSA, and DAVOS are meeting with ROBETT GLOVER. Several men serving under ROBETT stand in attendance.  The answer is no.  Lord Glover, if you could just hear us out.  Ive heard enough. Weve only just taken back this castle from the Ironborn. The Boltons helped us do it. Now you want me to fight against them? I could be skinned for even talking to you.  The Boltons are traitors. Roose Bolton- -  Have other northern houses pledged to fight for you?  House Mormont.  And?  We sent raven to Houses Manderly- -  I dont care about ravens. Youre asking me to join your army. Who is fighting in this army?  The bulk of the force is made up of wildlings. ROBETT laughs.  Then the rumors are true. I didnt dare believe them. I received you out of respect for your father. Now I would like you to leave. House Glover will not abandon its ancestral home to fight alongside wildlings. ROBETT turns around and heads up the stairs towards a door attended by his men.  Lord Glover.  Theres nothing else to say.  I would remind you that House Glover is pledged to House Stark. Sworn to answer when called upon. JON SNOW glares at SANSA. ROBETT turns on his heel and walks up close to SANSA.  Yes, my family served House Stark for centuries. We wept when we heard of your fathers death. When my brother was lord of this castle, he answered Robbs call and hailed him King in the North. ROBETT gets closer to SANSA.  And where was King Robb when the Ironborn attacked this castle? When they threw my wife and children in prison and brutalized and killed our subjects? Taking up with a foreign whore. Getting himself and those who followed him killed. ROBETT looks at JON SNOW and then back at SANSA.  I served House Stark once, but House Stark is dead. ROBETT turns, climbs the stairs to the door, and walks through it. SANSA and JON SNOW look down. Many boats bearing the sigil of House Greyjoy on their sails are docked in the bay near the Long Bridge. Chatter and laughter can be heard from the Long Bridge. Many Ironborn men are communing with prostitutes. THEON sits at a table alone, looking back at forth at them. YARA sits down at his table accompanied by a prostitute. She and the prostitute kiss at length. THEON does not look at them.  Why did we have to come here?  Some of us still like it. Have a drink at least.  I dont want one. YARA sighs and turns back to the prostitute..  Dont go far, love. YARA kisses the prostitutes breast.  Ill find you in a bit. The prostitute stands. YARA kisses her backside and then slaps it. The prostitute giggles and runs away. YARA laughs and grabs a drink.  Nothing on the Iron Islands has an ass like that. Doesnt interest you anymore? THEON scrunches up his face.  Im sorry. I wont joke about it. Ill never hurt you, little brother. Dont you know that? YARA pours herself another drink.  You think Uncle Eurons hunting for us?  Of course he is. As long as were alive, were a threat.  Hell find us.  Its a great big world and we have fast ships. Drink.  I dont want any.  I dont care what you want. Drink. THEON takes a small sip of his drink.  Drink it all. THEON drinks deeper.  Youre Ironborn, Theon. I know youve had some bad years.  Some bad years?  But Im tired of watching you cower like a beat dog. Drink the goddamn ale. THEON takes another deep drink.  Now listen to me. I need you. The real Theon Greyjoy, not this rat shit pretender. Can you find him for me? Drink. THEON drinks more deeply..  You escaped, do you hear me? You got away and youre never going back. Well get justice for you.  If I got justice, my burnt body would hang over the gates of Winterfell.  Fuck justice, then. Well get revenge. Drink. THEON downs the rest of his ale. YARA moves closer to THEON.  Listen to me. If youre so broken that theres no coming back, take a knife and cut your wrists. End it. But if youre staying, Theon, I need you. Were gonna sail to Meereen. Were gonna make a pact with this Dragon Queen. And were gonna take back the Iron Islands. YARA places her hand on the back of THEONs neck.  Are you with me? Are you really with me? THEON slowly raises his head up and locks eyes with YARA. He nods. YARA smiles and kisses his forehead.  Now, since its my last night ashore for a long while, Im gonna go fuck the tits off this one. YARA stands, pats THEON on the back, walks over to the prostitute she was communing with earlier, and takes her hand. THEON stares blankly to the side. JON SNOW, SANSA, and DAVOS are riding horses through the encampment.  Stannis camped here on his way to Winterfell.  And thats a good thing?  He was the most experienced commander in Westeros. He chose this place for a reason. Those mountains are a natural fortification. Theres a stream down there for the horses.  Were not staying here long. Another storm could hit any day..  Aye, the snows defeated Stannis as much as the Boltons did.  We have to march on Winterfell now while we still can. They all dismount their horses and begin walking side by side.  2,000 Wildlings. 200 Hornwoods, 143 Mazins- -  62 Mormonts.  Its not what wed hoped for. But we still have a chance if were careful and smart. DAVOS spots two men fighting.  For fucks sake. DAVOS hurries over to the men. JON SNOW and SANSA watch him go and then continue walking.  So hes your most trusted advisor now? Because he secured 62 men from a ten year old?  Ser Davos is the reason Im standing here talking to you and he served Stannis for years.  Stannis who lost the Blackwater, who murdered his own brother, who doesnt have a head? SANSA stops walking. JON keeps walking a few paces and then turns to face her.  Its not enough. We need more men.  Theres no time.  If we went down to Castle Cerwyn, I know that Lord- - JON SNOW moves close to SANSA.  We fight with the army we have. JON SNOW looks over SANSAs shoulder at DAVOS. He is standing in front of the fighting men, who are wrestling on the ground.  Friends, this is not worth fighting over! JON SNOW walks past SANSA and away.  Thisll be it, now. Right now, we dont need to be fighting. One of the men gets in DAVOS face.  Who the fuck are you?  Hold on.  Yeah, who the fuck are you? SANSA spies the maester of Bear Island handling some crates containing ravens. He holds up one of the crates to LYANNA MORMONT. SANSA is writing a letter. She signs her name, pours wax, and presses the wax with the direwolf sigil of House Stark. She picks up the letter and rereads it, then stares ahead. All of RAYs followers are gathered together in a circle. RAY is standing in the center, speaking to them all. SANDOR stands at the far end of the flock, behind everyone else. The church framing stands on a hill in the background.  I was a soldier once. All my superiors thought I was brave. I wasnt. I mean, I never ran from a fight. Only because I was afraid my friends would see I was afraid. Thats all I was, a coward. We followed orders no matter the orders. Burn that village. Fine, Im your arsonist. Steal that farmers crops. Good, Im your thief. Kill those young lads so they wont take up arms against us. Im your murderer. I remember once a woman screaming at us, calling us animals as we dragged her son from their hut. But we werent animals. Animals are true to their nature and we had betrayed ours. I cut that young boys throat myself as his mother screamed and my friends held her back. RAY sits down on a stump next to one of the men and rests his arm on the mans shoulder.  That night...I felt such shame. Shame was so heavy on me, I couldnt eat, I couldnt sleep. SANDOR looks down.  All I could do was stare into that dark sky and listen to that mother screaming her sons name. Ill hear her screaming the rest of my life. RAY stands and walks back to the center of the circle.  Now, I know I can never bring that lad back. All I can do with time Ive got left is bring a little goodness into the world. Thats all any of us can do, isnt it? Never too late to stop robbing people, to stop killing people. Start helping people. RAY stares at SANDOR.  Its never too late to come back. SANDOR returns RAYs gaze but is distracted by three horsemen coming up the way. RAY turns to look at them. SANDOR walks a few paces into the midst of RAYs followers and stares at the riders.  And its not about waiting for the gods to answer your prayers. Its not even about the gods. Its about you. Learning you have to answer your prayers yourself. The three riders reach the group and stop. RAY walks out to meet them. All of RAYs followers stand. The riders are FLYNN, MORGAN, and LEM LEMONCLOAK.  Seven save you, friends. How can we help you?  What are you doing here?  Well, were talking about life. You?  Protecting the people.  Well, we thank you for your protection. Who are you protecting us from?  Do you have any horses?  No horses. No gold. No steel.  Food, then. Protecting the people is hungry work.  Im sure it is. Youre welcome to stay for supper, but we have hungry mouths here.  Stay safe. The night is dark and full of terrors. LEM smiles. The three riders turn the horses around and ride off. SANDOR watches them leave. SANDOR is splitting wood with an ax on a chopping block. RAY walks up the path. SANDOR sees him coming but continues chopping.  Seven save you, friends.  Im a fucking septon. What was I supposed to say?  They dont believe in your Seven. Theyre from the Brotherhood. They follow the Red God.  Aye, well, all are welcome here. Anyway, we got nothing for them. SANDOR stops chopping.  Sure, you do. Youve got food, youve got steel even if you say you dont. And youve got women.  What do you want to do? Fight them? Kill them? SANDOR shrugs and sighs.  Itd be you against all of them. I mean, these people dont know how to fight.  You do.  Im done with fighting.  Even if its to protect yourself?  Violence is a disease. You dont cure a disease by spreading it to more people.  You dont cure it by dying, either. SANDOR resumes chopping.  Youve done enough work for one day. Come on up for some supper. RAY starts back up the path.  Its gonna be a cold night. Well need firewood.  Ill save you a bowl of stew. Might even have some ale hidden away. People of all sorts line the streets. ARYA walks among them with her hands behind her back. She encounters two men sitting across from each other at a small table.  Hes not a lying man. He says the Iron Fleets in Slavers Bay. Im inclined to believe him. Im not going anywhere near those mad fuckers. ARYA walks up beside the men and addressing the one who was speaking.  Youre Westerosi.  What do you care?  I want to book passage home. The man laughs.  You? Cant afford it. ARYA tosses a bag of coins on the table in front of the man. The man opens it and pulls out some coins.  Whered you steal this from?  Why do you care?  We leave in two days. You can have a hammock in steerage. ARYA throws another bag of coins on the table.  I want a cabin. And well leave at dawn. ARYA walks past the man and grabs the coin purses off the table on the way.  See you at sunrise. ARYA walks onto a bridge and stops to stare out at the Titan. An old woman approaches her.  Sweet girl. ARYA turns to face the old woman. The old woman draws a blade and slashes ARYA across the stomach. She grabs ARYA by the neck and holds her tight to her body, the stabs ARYA severl times in the stomach and twists the blade. With her free hand, she reaches up and pulls off her face, revealing she is the WAIF in disguise. ARYA headbutss the WAIF, pushes her, and then runs and jumps off the opposite side of the bridge, plummeting into the water. The WAIF rushes to the side of the bridge ARYA jumped off and stares into the water. Bubbles and blood rise to the surface. The WAIF straightens her shirt and walks away. ARYA bursts through the surface of the water, gasping. She pulls herself up onto some steps , turns onto her back, and clutches her bleeding stomach. ARYA stumbles through the crowd, clutching her bleeding stomach and shivering. She looks from face to face. Everyone stares at her blankly. SANDOR is chopping a branch with a machete. He tosses the machete down and takes a drink of water, then hears people screaming and runs through the woods. The dead bodies of RAYs followers are strewn all over the ground. SANDOR walks among them. He approaches the church framing. RAY is hanging by the neck from the framing, dead. SANDOR looks up at him and sighs. He walks to a nearby stump and retrieves an ax. SANSA is knitting. There is a knock at the door.  Yes? A man of the Nights Watch enters.  For you, my lady. The man hands SANSA a scroll. It bears the mockingbird sigil of House Baelish. SANSA unrolls the scroll and reads it.  How far is Moles Town? LITTLEFINGER is standing in the center of the room. SANSA and BRIENNE enter. LITTLEFINGER turns to greet them.  Sansa. Lady Brienne. When I heard you had escaped WInterfell, I feared the worst. You have no idea how happy I am to see you unharmed.  Unharmed? What are you doing here?  I rode north with the Knights of the Vale to come to your aid. Theyre encamped at Moat Cailin as we speak.  To come to my aid? Did you know about Ramsay? If you didnt know, youre an idiot. If you did know, youre my enemy. SANSA steps closer to LITTLEFINGER.  Would you like to hear about our wedding night? He never hurt my face. He needed my face, the face of Ned Starks daughter. But the rest of me, he did what he liked with the rest of me as long as I could still give him an heir. What do you think he did?  I cant begin to contemplate --  What do you think he did to me?  Lady Sansa asked you a question.  He beat you.  Yes, he enjoyed that. What else do you think he did?  Sansa, I --  What else?  Did he cut you?  Maybe you did know about Ramsay all along.  I didnt know.  I thought you knew everyones secrets.  I made a mistake, a horrible mistake. I underestimated a stranger.  The other things he did, ladies arent supposed to talk about those things, but I imagine brothel keepers talk about them all the time. I can still feel it. I dont mean in my tender heart it still pains me so. I can still feel what he did in my body standing here right now.  Im so sorry.  You said you would protect me.  And I will. You must believe me when I tell you that I will.  I dont believe you anymore. I dont need you anymore. You cant protect me. You wont even be able to protect yourself if I tell Brienne to cut you down. And why shouldnt I?  Do you want me to beg for my life? If thats what you want, I will. Whatever you ask that is in my power, I will do.  What if I want you to die here and now?  Then I will die.  You freed me from the monsters who murdered my family and you gave me to other monsters who murdered my family. Go back to Moat Cailin. My brother and I will take back the North on our own. I never want to see you again.  I would do anything to undo whats been done to you. I know that I cant. Will you allow me to say one more thing before I go? Your great-uncle Brynden the Blackfish has gathered what remains of the Tully forces and retaken Riverrun. You might consider seeking him out. The time may come when you need an army loyal to you.  I have an army.  Your brothers army. LITTLEFINGER walks beside SANSA.  Half-brother. LITTLEFINGER exits. ARYA and the WAIF are dueling with staves atop the sparring platform. They both strike many blows, all of them deflected by the other. The WAIF feigns and trips ARYA with a blow to the back of the legs. ARYA falls to the ground. The WAIF points her staff in ARYAs face.  Youre not ready. You should go home before its too late. The WAIF begins to walk away. ARYA jumps to her feet. The WAIF turns around and drops her staff, then approaches ARYA. ARYA swings at the WAIF several times, but the WAIF dodges and redirects the blows. The WAIF kicks ARYA in her midsection, sending her off the platform. ARYA hops back on the platform and advances. The WAIF disarms ARYA and punches her multiple times, knocking her off the platform and onto the ground.  Youll never be one of us, Lady Stark. The Faceless Man taking on the visage of JAQEN HGHAR appears.  She has a point. JAQEN walks away. ARYA follows. They enter the Hall of Faces.  None of the first Faceless Men were born to lords and ladies. They began as slaves in the mines of Valyria.  Who was the first?  He was no one. The Many-Faced God taught him how to shed his face and how to give the gift. The man taught others in exchange for their service. Many served, many more gifts were given. Soon all the masters and overseers were gone and the Faceless Men fled.  Where did they go?  Here. They founded the Free City of Braavos and built this house. These were the faces they wore in life when they were not wearing others. The first Faceless Men. And now a girl is one of them, if a girl desires.  A girl has no desires. JAQEN holds up a small bottle.  Who? ARYA takes the bottle.  An actress who calls herself Lady Crane. She performs at the theater in Sheelba Square. A girl has been given a second chance. There will not be a third. One way or another, a face will be added to the hall. Actors are performing a play. An audience has gathered to watch. ARYA is among them. On stage, an actor named IZEMBARO dressed as ROBERT BARATHEON walks back and forth. Two prop men mirror his movements, carrying a tarp that displays a forest landscape. Another prop man carries a cut-out of a boar and rams it into the actors rear end. The sound man makes a farting noise.  Ahh! ARYA laughs along with the crowd. The prop man strikes IZEMBARO with the boar prop again, this time in front. The actor recoils and the prop men replace the forest background with a black background.  Oh, murdered by a boar. The great big hairy whore. He dug in his tusks and dug out my guts and soon I am no more. IZEMBARO produces an intestine prop from his garb. He staggers, but is supported by another actor, CLARENZO, portraying JOFFREY.  Oh, come, Father, in bed you must lie. I love you, Father. Please dont die. IZEMBARO prop slaps CLARENZO. ARYA laughs with the crowd.  Shut up, you swine! Cersei, more wine. The actor portraying Joffrey falls to his knees in the front of the stage. LADY CRANE, portraying CERSEI, appears on the stage and walks to him.  I feel the winds of winter as they lick across the land. And our son alone on that cold, cold throne without a guiding hand. Who will teach him strength? Who will teach him grace? To whom will he turn when its time to learn to look darkness in the face?  Ned stark will do fine. Now bring me more wine. BOBONO, portraying TYRION, appears and fills his glass. CAMELLO, portraying NED, appears and adjusts his crotch.  Ooh! Ooh, whats happened here, then?  He brought you here, Ned Stark, cause youre the brightest fellow in the land. You should be king of us all and I should be your Hand.  We men of the North are right good hands at keeping people lawful. CAMELLO gestures to IZEMBARO.  Id ask him for permission, but he smells too bloody awful. The crowd laughs. ARYA looks around at them. She does not laugh.  I die! I die! And here I now must lie. Oh, woe. Oh, no. Oh, I am about to go. The sound man makes a farting noise.  Will you stay on as Joffreys Hand?  The Iron Thrones what I demand.  You cannot.  I can.  You will not.  I will.  You dare not.  I dare yes.  The line of succession.  Whats that mean?  The proper progression.  Whats that mean?  The lawful ascension.  Whats that mean? The crowd laughs. Music plays. The crowd claps and cheers. The actors change scenes. CLARENZO is sitting on a cut-out of the Iron Throne. LADY CRANE and CAMELLO are standing next to him. BOBONO stands off to the side on a step stool.  So move along, give me my chair and there wont be no more trouble. CLARENZO prop slaps CAMELLO. CAMELLO stumbles into the grasp of BOBONO, who sends him to his knees.  But we had a deal all done and dusted. Two prop men carrying spears lift CAMELLO to his feet.  Im starting to think you cant be trusted. The prop men usher CAMELLO offstage. As they change the scene, CLARENZO and LADY CRANE take center stage. LADY CRANE dons CLARENZO with a crown. In a new scene, CAMELLO is on a cut-out chopping block. CLARENZO and LADY CRANE stand to one side, and a prop man dressed as an executioner stands on the other. BIANCA, portraying Sansa, appears.  Save my father.  Truly you should. Killing the man will do you no good.  Save him, please.  Show him mercy. Show the people what a good king should be.  Good people, you may all relax. My fathers friend shall be spared the  The prop man portraying the executioner swings his axe. CAMELLO ducks behind the chopping block and tosses out a prop head.  Father! No! Oh, father. BIANCA takes the prop head. The executioner prop man wrenches the head from her grasp and tosses it to the other prop men.  Worry not! All is well. I have here a decree from my father Tywin Lannister, the richest man youll see. He proclaims me Hand of the King. The positions mine for life. And hes give me permission to take Sansa as my wife. He prop slaps CLARENZO in the face.  Youll learn that what I lack in height I make up for in appetite. He rips open her shirt, exposing her breasts.  So lets forget about your plight, and go rehearse our wedding night. All the actors from the play are gathered together, taking a break and attending to their costumes. The director, IZEMBARO, joins them. CLARENZO is examining his penis.  Its a wart. Two warts. Ive got two fucking warts on my cock.  Well, dont worry, love. They usually go away in five or six years. CAMELLO approaches ARYA and tosses her his costume cloak.  Oh, wash this, darling. It stinks of me.  You can do better, Bianca, dear. You must do.  I had two lines.  There are no small parts. You rang very false.  I rang very false?  What you need, love, is for someone to ring you true. BIANCA slaps BOBONO upside the head.  You werent complaining about me last night. BOBONO approaches LADY CRANE.  May I get you some wine, Lady Crane?  Im a rum girl, Bobono. You need to know that if were going to be intimate.  Of course were going to be intimate.  Its only a matter of time. LADY CRANE uncorks her bottle of rum and pours herself a glass. The holds her drink up to BOBONO.  To our children.  May they have your talent.  And your filthy mind. They clink their glasses together and drink. JAQEN is washing a body. ARYA is standing by.  A girl will poison the rum. Lady Crane is the only one who drinks it. JAQEN looks at ARYA and nods.  If a girl could use one of the faces from the hall  A girl is not ready.  Shes a good actress.  So a man has heard.  Seems like a decent woman.  Does death only come for the wicked and leave the decent behind?  No. Who wants her dead?  That does not matter. The price was paid.  The younger actress. Shes jealous because Lady Crane is better.  A girl must decide if she wants to serve the Many-Faced God.  A girl has decided.  A servant does not ask questions. BRAN is clinging to the roots of the tree. His eyes are glazed white. BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN are walking together. They approach a weirwood tree encircled by many stones. The stones form a spiral. A Child of the Forest runs between the stones. BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN follow her. They find a group of the Children crouching in a circle, whispering to each other. LEAF stands, carrying a shard of dragonglass. She approaches a man who is bound to the weirwood tree.  No! No! No! LEAF slowly drives the shard into the mans heart until it disappears inside his chest. The mans eyes turn blue. LEAF is watching BRAN. BRAN releases the root of the tree and wakes up from his vision.  It was you. You made the White Walkers.  We were at war. We were being slaughtered. Our sacred trees cut down. We needed to defend ourselves.  From whom?  From you. From men. LEAF exits. BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN stare at each other. All the Ironborn are gathered together. YARA, THEON, and AERON stand among them.  We speak in the presence of the Drowned God. In his name we father today to choose a new king as our leader. Who makes a claim? YARA walks out into the open.  I am Yara Greyjoy, daughter of Balon Greyjoy, King of the Iron Islands. I claim the Salt Throne.  Weve never had a queen. Not once.  There are many things weve never done. Weve never made our mark upon the world. The great lords of Westeros pay us no mind until our little raids buzz through their kingdoms long enough to become a nuisance. Then they swat us down. They conquer us, humiliate us, and go right back to forgetting we exist.  Aye!  We are a sea people.  Aye!  Our god is a sea god.  Aye!  When I am queen, we will build a fleet that   You shall not be queen!  I am not finished!  Yes, you are! A woman will not lead us. Not when Balons own male heir has returned. The man looks at THEON. THEON emerges from the crowd and turns to face them.  I am Theon Greyjoy...last living son of Balon Greyjoy. THEON points at YARA.  And she is your rightful ruler. Those of you that have sailed under her, and there are many of you here, you know what she is.  Aye!  She is a reaver!  Aye!  She is a warrior!  Aye!  She is ironborn!  Aye!  We will find no better leader. This is our queen. THEON and YARA stare at each other. The men cheer and chant YARAs name.  Im Euron Greyjoy. The men fall silent. EURON appears and walks through the crowd towards YARA and THEON.  I claim the Salt Throne. EURON emerges from the crowd and stands before YARA and THEON. He looks at YARA.  Niece. EURON looks at THEON and then walks up to him.  Nephew. Little Theon. EURON pats THEON on the cheek, then turns to face the crowd.  Heard you managed to fuck things right into the ground. Captured a castle you couldnt keep. Got yourself taken prisoner. Even heard you have no cock. The Ironborn laugh. EURON points at YARA.  Explains why you think a woman can be king.  When did you return, Uncle?  A few days ago. I had some things to take care of. Long overdue.  Im glad youre here. Now I know what my first act as queen will be. To execute the man who killed my father. The men murmur to each other.  I did. I killed him. Threw him right over a rope bridge and watched him fall. He was leading us nowhere and we would still be heading there if it werent for me. No one loved him. No one wanted to follow him. He led ius into two wars we couldnt win. I apologize to you all for not killing him years ago.  That would have been hard to do. You werent here. Last I heard, you were gallivanting around the world having a grand old time.  Gallivanting? That the sort of thing you start to say once your dick gets chopped off? The Ironborn laugh.  Did the great lord of Westeros teach you words like that?  You were gone. Yara was here. Being Ironborn. Leading Ironborn. Getting ready to bring us back to glory.  And how will she do that?  I will build the largest fleet the world has ever seen.  Right idea, except Im the one whos going to build the Iron Fleet because Im the one who knows how to use it. Ive been all over the world. Ive seen more of it than all of you combined. And across the sea there is a person who hates the great lords of Westeros just as much as we do. Someone with a large army, three large dragons, and no husband. Im going to build that fleet and Im going to gallivant right over and give it to Daenerys Targaryen along with my big cock. The Ironborn laugh.  Youre going to seduce the Dragon Queen?  Im not going to seduce her. The Iron Fleet will seduce her. And together were going to take the Seven Kingdoms. I wasnt born to be king. I paid the iron price and here I stand. The Ironborn cheer and chant EURONs name. THEON and YARA exchange a glance. Several Ironborn carrying flags stand on the shore. EURON is kneeling in the water. AERON pushes him underwater. Meanwhile, YARA, THEON, and some Ironborn run through a cave tunnel.  May Euron, your servant, be born again from the sea as you were. Bless him with salt. Bless him with stone. Bless him with steel. THEON, YARA, and the men with them run out onto a beach and into awaiting rowboats.  Listen to the waves. Listen to the god. He is speaking to us and he says we shall have no king but Euron Greyjoy. Let the sea wash your follies and your vanities away. Let the old Euron drown. Let his lungs fill with seawater. EURON drowns.  Let the fish eat the scales off his eyes. YARA, THEON, and the men board a large ship.  What is dead may never die, but rises again harder and stronger. AERON releases his grip on EURON. Two Ironborn carrying EURON onto shore. AERON and the other Ironborn gathered in attendance all stare at EURON. EURON does not move.One man begins to walk closer to him. EURON gags and coughs. He props himself up on his arms and legs, then spits up water and gasps for air. AERON retrieves a crown made of driftwood and places it on EURONs head.  What is dead may never die.  What is dead may never die. The Ironborn cheer. EURON rises to his feet and looks around at the crowd.  Where are my niece and nephew? Lets go murder them. EURON leads AERON and the Ironborn up to a seaside cliff. They stare out at the ocean. A fleet of ships is sailing away from Pyke.  They stole our best ships.  Wont be enough to save them. EURON turns to face the Ironborn.  Go back to your homes. Chop down every tree you can find. Quarter-saw the timber and start building. I want every man bending planks. I want every woman spinning flax for sails. Build me a thousand ships and I will give you this world. DAENERYS stands at the edge of the cliff, looking out at Vaes Dothrak. She turns to face JORAH and DAARIO, who are standing behind her.  I banished you twice. You came back twice. And you saved my life. So I cant take you back and I cant send you away. DAENERYS approaches JORAH, but he recoils.  You must send me away. JORAH rolls up his sleeve to reveal the greyscale covering his forearm.  Is there a cure?  I dont know.  How long does it take?  I dont know that either. But Ive seen what happens when it goes far enough. Ill end things before that. DAENERYS begins to cry.  Im sorry. Im so sorry.  Dont be. All Ive ever wanted was to serve you. Tyrion Lannister was right. I love you. Ill always love you. Goodbye, Khaleesi. JORAH begins to walk away.  Do not walk away from your queen, Jorah the Andal. JORAH turns back to face DAENERYS. She approaches him.  You have not been dismissed. You pledged yourself to me. You swore to obey my commands for the rest of your life. JORAH nods.  Well, I command you to find the cure wherever it is in this world. I command you to heal yourself and then return to me. When I take the Seven Kingdoms, I need you by my side. JORAH sits on a horse, watching DAENERYS and DAARIO lead the Dothraki horde out of Vaes Dothrak. He turns his horse around and starts off into the wilderness. VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM are gathered together. TYRION pours himself a glass of wine and joins them.  In the last fortnight since our pact with the Masters, how many killings have been carried out by the Sons of the Harpy?  None.  And how many Masters have been butchered by the free men.  Two, but that was the day of the pact. Since then, nothing.  So its safe to say that a fragile peace has taken hold.  For now.  For now is the best we get in our profession.  Its not enough.  Considering the city was on the brink of civil war, Id say its a good start.  Its not enough for Meereen to have peace. They need to know Daenerys is responsible for it. The Sons of the Harpy have a good story. Resist the foreign invaders. Our queen has an even better story. Mother of Dragons, Breaker of Chains and...all that.  The people know who brought them freedom.  Yes, but do they know who brought them security? Who brought about an end to the violence? We need someone the people trust, someone they know who cannot be bought or influenced.  Sounds like quite the hero. Where would we find him?  Who said anything about him? TYRION and VARYS stand on the plateau above the audience chamber. A woman stans at the bottom of the steps, and a man stand a few steps in front of her.  You stand in the presence of Kinvara, High Priestess of the Red Temple of Volantis, the Flame of Truth, the Light of Wisdom, the First Servant of the Lord of Light. The man steps aside. KINVARA walks up a few steps.  Welcome to Meereen. KINVARA stops on the middle plateau.  Thats about the extent of my Valyrian. KINVARA says nothing.  Thank you for travelling all this way. I know from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be. TYRION looks at VARYS. KINVARA says nothing.  The truth is we need your help. We had hoped that we could somehow persuade you to --  You dont need to persuade me. I came to help. KINVARA continues up the steps.  Daenerys Stormborn is the one who was promised. From the fire she was reborn to remake the world.  Yes.  She has freed the slaves from their chains and crucified the Masters for their sins.  She did indeed.  Her dragons are fire made flesh, a gift from the Lord of Light. But you heard all this before, havent you? On the Long Bridge of Volantis. The dragons will purify nonbelievers by the thousands, burning their sins and flesh away.  Ideally wed avoid purifying too many nonbelievers. The Mother of Dragons has followers of many different faiths.  You want your queen to be worshipped and obeyed. And while shes gone, you want her advisors to be worshipped and obeyed.  Id settle for obeyed.  I will summon my most eloquent priests. They will spread the word. Daenerys has been sent to lead the people against the darkness in this war and in the great war still to come.  That sounds most excellent --  A man named Stannis Baratheon was anointed as the chosen one by one of your priestesses. He, too, had a glorious destiny. He attacked Kings Landing and was soundly defeated by the man standing beside me. Last I had heard, hed been defeated again, this time at Winterfell and this time for good.  Wed be most grateful for any support you could provide the queen.  I suppose its hard for a fanatic to admit a mistake. Isnt that the whole point of being a fanatic? Youre always right. Everything is the Lords will.  Everything is the Lords will. But men and women make mistakes. Even honest servants of the Lord.  And you, an honest servant of the lord, why should I trust you to know any more than the priestess who counseled Stannis?  My friend has a healthy skepticism of religion, but we are all loyal supporters of the queen. VARYS nods. KINVARA takes two more steps. She is one step away from TYRION and VARYS.  Everyone is what they are and where they are for a reason. Terrible things happen for a reason. Take what happened to you, Lord Varys, when you were a child. If not for your mutilation at the hand of a second-rate sorcerer, you wouldnt be here helping the Lords Chosen bring his light into the world. Knowledge has made you powerful. But theres still so much you dont know. Do you remember what you heard that night when the sorcerer tossed your parts in the fire? You heard a voice call out from the flames. Do you remember? Should I tell you what the voice said? KINVARA approaches VARYS and places her hand on his arm.  Should I tell you the name of the one who spoke? VARYS scrunches up his face and stares at KINVARA. KINVARA smiles.  We serve the same queen. If you are her true friend, you have nothing to fear from me. KINVARA turns and walks back down the steps. BRAN lets a handful of sand run through his fingers. He lays back and then looks SUMMER, HODOR, and the THREE-EYED RAVEN. SUMMER and HODOR are sleeping, but the THREE-EYED RAVEN has his eyes open. BRAN picks up a wood chip and throws it at the THREE-EYED RAVEN. The THREE-EYED RAVEN does not stir. BRAN drags himself over to the roots of the tree and takes hold of them. His eyes turn white. BRAN walks among the spiraling stones surrounding the weirwood tree from before, only now everything is covered in snow. He stares at the tree, then turns around. The army of the undead stands in attendance.  What? BRAN walks towards them, and then among their ranks. They do not react. He inspects several of them as he walks by. On the other side of the army, he finds the Night King and four White Walkers on horseback. The Night King stares at him. BRAN turns around to find the entire army of the undead staring at him. When he turns back around, the Night King is standing right behind him. He recoils, but the Night King grabs his forearm. He screams. BRAN screams as he releases the tree root and the vision ends. MEERA jumps to her feet.  He saw me, the Night King! He saw me!  He touched you. LEAF and another Child of the Forest enter.  I dont know. He was close, but --  He touched you. BRAN pulls back his sleeve. There is a handprint on his forearm.  He knows you are here. Hell come for you.  But he cant get in.  He can now. His mark is on you. You must leave, all of you.  Come on, Hodor. Help me with the sledge.  Hodor.  Im sorry. I didnt mean to.  The time has come.  The time for what?  For you to become me.  But am I ready?  No. BRANs eyes turn white. JON SNOW, SANSA, BRIENNE, DOLOROUS EDD, DAVOS, TORMUND, and MELISANDRE are gathered around a table. A map is spread out on the table with tokens indicating houses laid on its surface.  We cant defend the north from the Walkers and the south from the Boltons. If we want to survive, we need Winterfell, and to take Winterfell, we need more men.  Aside from the Starks and the Boltons, the most powerful houses in the North are the Umbers, the Karstarks, and the Manderlys. DAVOS stands and moves some of the tokens to Winterfell.  The Umbers and the Karstarks have already declared for the Boltons, so were not doing so well there.  The Umbers gave Rickon to our enemies. They can hang. But the Karstarks declared for Ramsay without knowing they had another choice.  I beg your pardon, my lady, but they know that a Stark beheaded their father. I dont think we can count on them either.  How well do you know the North, Ser Davos?  Precious little, my lady.  My father always said Northerners are different. More loyal, more suspicious of outsiders.  They may well be loyal, but how many rose up against the Boltons when they betrayed your family? I may not know the North, but I know men. Theyre more or less the same in any corner of the world and even the bravest of them dont want to see their wives and children skinned for a lost cause. If Jons going to convince them to fight alongside him, they need to believe its a fight they can win.  There are more than three other houses in the North -- Glover, Mormont, Cerwyn, Mazin, Hornwood. Two dozen more. Together they equal all the others. We can start small and build.  The North remembers. They remember the Stark name. People will still risk everything for it, from White Harbor to Ramsays own door.  I dont doubt it. But Jon doesnt have the Stark name.  No, but I do. JON SNOW stares at SANSA.  Jon is every bit as much Ned Starks son as Ramsay is Roose Boltons. Ant there are also the Tullys. Theyre not Northern, but they will back us against the Boltons without question.  I didnt know the Tullys still had an army.  My uncle the Blackfish has reformed it and retaken Riverrun.  How do you know that?  Ramsay received a raven before I escaped Winterfell.  Thats good. The Blackfish is a legend. His support would mean a great deal. Stark, Tully, a few more houses, almost starts to look like a winning side. SANSA smiles. BRIENNE follows SANSA down the stairs and along a walkway.  Ive sworn to protect you, my lady.  You heard them. We need more men and my uncle has an army.  We can send the Blackfish a raven.  Cant risk Ramsay intercepting it. It has to be you. BRIENNE and SANSA enter SANSAs chamber. BRIENNE closes the door behind them.  Ride for Riverrun. My uncle will talk to you and youll know how to talk to him. SANSA sits down on her bed.  What is it?  I dont like leaving you here alone.  With Jon?  Not him. He seems trustworthy. A bit brooding, perhaps. I suppose thats understandable, considering. The others, though. Davos and the Red Woman helped a man murder his own brother with blood magic. And when Stannis paid for his crime, where were they? Already out looking for a leader with better prospects. And that wildling fellow with the beard --  Jon isnt Tormund. Jon isnt Davos, the Red Woman, or Stannis for that matter. Jon is Jon. Hes my brother. Hell keep me safe. I trust him.  Then why did you lie to him when he asked you how you learned about Riverrun? Several men of the Nights Watch are readying horses. JON SNOW stands beside them. MELISANDRE sits on her horse behind them. BRIENNE walks past. SANSA approaches JON SNOW, carrying a bundled cloak.  New dress?  I made it myself. Do you like it?  Year, its -- I like the wolf bit.  Good, because I made this for you. SANSA hands JON SNOW the cloak. JON SNOW looks at it. The direwolf sigil of House Stark is pressed into the leather straps.  I made it like the one Father used to wear. As near as I can remember.  Thank you, Sansa.  Youre welcome. SANSA walks away. BRIENNE is sitting on horseback beside TORMUND. TORMUND stares at her. She catches him staring and looks away. He grins. DOLOROUS EDD approaches JON SNOW, who is donning his new cloak.  Dont knock it down while Im gone.  Ill do my best. They embrace.  Good luck. JON SNOW walks to his horse and climbs atop it. He leads SANSA, MELISANDRE, PODRICK, BRIENNE, TORMUND, and the rest of the party out through the southern gates. A man of the Nights Watch approaches DOLOROUS EDD, who is watching them leave.  Should we close the gate, Lord Commander?  Im not the Lord Comman -- The men of the Nights Watch gather around DOLOROUS EDD.  Yeah, ahem, close the bloody gate. BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN are both having a vision. MEERA and HODOR are preparing for travel.  We can go home now, Hodor. Well, maybe not home home, but somewhere that isnt a cave. HODOR chuckles.  Hodor.  Eat something that isnt moss. I want an egg. How do you like em? Boiled? Fried up with some butter? HODOR laughs.  Hodor.  With a rasher of bacon and some blood sausage.  Hodor. MEERA notices she can see her breath. She looks at BRAN and then runs to the entrance of the cave. LEAF and the other Children of the Forest are gathered outside. Across the field, the Night King, three White Walkers, and the army of the dead are gathered. The Night King steps forward, kneels, and places his hand on the ground. A rift cracks through the ice all across the field and into the Great Weirwood Tree.  Get Bran and run! MEERA runs back into the cave, retrieving a sword on the way back. The Night King unsheathes his blade and leads the White Walkers and the army of the dead towards the Great Weirwood. Inside, MEERA runs to BRAN and shakes him.  Bran. Bran, wake up. Bran. HODOR sits in the corner, rocking back and forth.  Hodor. Hodor.  Bran, wake up. BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN watch YOUNG NED and YOUNG BENJEN embrace. BRAN smiles. MEERA hauls the sledge over to BRAN and tries to drag him onto it.  Hodor.  Hodor. Hodor.  Help me! Outside, LEAF and the Children of the Forest throw magic spheres at the army of the undead. The spheres explode upon contact, killing some of the wights. With one of the last bombs, LEAF lights a half-circle of flame in front of the entrance to the cave. She and the Children of the Forest run inside. The Night King and the White Walkers approach the flame. The flame parts to let them pass, then reforms. The army of the dead cannot pass through the flame. They go around it and climb the crag to the top of the Great Weirwood. Inside, MEERA places BRAN on the sledge. BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN continue to watch.  Remember that you are a Stark. Comport yourself with dignity at the Vale and try to stay out of fights. NAN walks over to YOUNG HODOR and takes his arm.  Yes, Father. RICKARD takes YOUNG NED by the chin.  But if you have to fight, win. MEERA continues shaking BRAN.  Bran! Bran, wake up! A wight falls through the ceiling. It advances on MEERA. MEERA grabs her sword and cuts it down. Another wight falls from the ceiling. MEERA recoils. SUMMER tackles it. MEERA drops her blade and returns to BRAN.  Bran! Bran! Bran, wake up.  Hodor. Hodor. LEAF enters and runs up to BRAN and MEERA. A third wight falls from the ceiling, suspended upside down by its feet. LEAF rushes over to it and beheads it with her knife.  You have to wake up. We need Hodor.  Hodor. Hodor. Another wight rushes, but LEAF shoots it with an arrow. A Child of the Forest enters to combat another wight, but the wight knocks her down and kills her. LEAF shoots it with an arrow.  Hodor. A number of wights begin piling in. LEAF and the Children of the Forest try to fight them off. One wight kills another Child of the Forest.  Bran, were all going to die! BRAN hears MEERA shouting at him from the other side.  Bran, wake up! Were all going to die! Bran! Bran!  Bran, you have to wake up! We need Hodor!  Hodor. Hodor.  Warg into Hodor now! BRAN looks at YOUNG HODOR and NAN.  Bran, wake up. We need Hodor. We need Hodor. Warg into Hodor now! Now!  Listen to your friend, Brandon.  Hodor. Hodor. Hodor. Hodor. HODORs eyes flash white. More wights enter the cave. One of them kills another Child of the Forest. MEERA cuts it down. Another Child of the Forest jumps forward and stabs another wight with a spear. HODOR stands and walks over to BRAN. A White Walker enters. The spear-bearing Child of the Forest lunges at it and stabs it in the chest, but the blow has no effect. The White Walker pushes the spear aside and stabs the Child of the Forest, killing her. HODOR lifts the sledge with BRAN atop it. MEERA grabs a dragonglass spear and launches it into the White Walkers neck. The White Walker shatters and dies. MEERA and LEAF follow HODOR towards the back entrance. SUMMER growls and bares his teeth at the wights entering the cave.  Summer!  Go. Go! LEAF and MEERA run into the back tunnel. SUMMER attacks the wights. The wights encircle him and stab him to death. LEAF, MEERA, and HODOR hurry down the back tunnel. BRAN is still engaged in a vision on the sledge. A slew of wights pursues them. Back in the cave, the Night King enters and approaches the THREE-EYED RAVEN.  The time has come. Leave me. Back in the Great Weirwood tree, the Night King slashes the THREE-EYED RAVEN. The THREE-EYED RAVEN dissolves into a black mist in front of BRAN. The undead army is advancing. LEAF stops running.  What are you doing?  Go! LEAF turns to face the undead. She brandishes a magic bomb and primes it. The wights overtake her and knock her to the ground, stabbing her repeatedly. LEAF detonates the bomb, killing herself and the wights surrounding her. HODOR reaches the rear door. He puts down the sledge and begins ramming the door. More wights appear and begin advancing.  Hodor, hurry! HODOR heaves the door open and drags the sledge outside. He drops the sledge and returns to the door, holding it closed. MEERA lifts the sledge and begins dragging it away.  Hold the door! BRAN turns and stares at YOUNG HODOR, who stares back at him.  Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! YOUNG HODORs eyes turn white. He falls to the ground and convulses. HODOR puts his weight against the door.  Hold the door! YOUNG HODOR continues convulsing.  Hold the door!  Wylis! Whats the matter? NAN kneels down beside YOUNG HODOR. BRAN walks over to them.  Hold the door!  Hold the door! In the present day, HODOR struggles against the door.  Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! The wights begin to break through the door. They clutch HODORs clothing and begin tearing at his flesh.  Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold door! Hold door! Hold door! Hold door! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor! CERSEI is standing at the balcony looking out across Kings Landing at the Great Sept of Baelor. TOMMEN is being dressed by an attendant. MARGAERY is being dressed by a handmaiden. The HIGH SPARROW dresses himself in a roughspun tunic, sliding his hands through the sleeves one by one. The attendant places a large golden necklace around TOMMENs neck. The handmaiden finishes tying MARGAERYs dress and fixes her hair. The attendant places TOMMENs crown on top of his head. TOMMEN looks out the window. A pair of Faith Militant men open the main door to the Sept. A crowd of nobles filters inside. LORAS sits in the back of his cell, muttering to himself. LANCEL and two other Faith Militant enter. LORAS cowers. The Faith Militant take hold of LORAS. The HIGH SPARROW and six other septons enter. They walk down the steps. MARGAERY appears in the crowd beside her father, MACE. She and the HIGH SPARROW exchange a glance as he walks by. The HIGH SPARROW and the other septons occupy seven chairs seated in a circle around the central chamber of the sept. MARGAERY looks around. TOMMEN is sitting in a chair in the center of the room, looking out the window. His attendant enters.  Your Grace. The trial will be getting underway soon. A handmaiden connects a golden chain between two golden shoulder fastenings on CERSEIs dress. TOMMEN says nothing. The attendant leaves. The handmaiden places a ring on CERSEIs middle finger. PYCELLE is standing in front of a bureau. He picks up a piece of paper and reads it, then picks up his chain, places it around his neck, and looks in the mirror. A mistress lying on his bed stares at him in the reflection of the mirror.  You got my money?  Later. Go away. The mistress stands and leaves. PYCELLE straightens himself out, sighs, and exits the room. In the hallway, he walks down a set of steps. A young girl appears on the steps behind him.  Grand Maester. PYCELLE turns back to look at her and walks over to her. He bends down and she whispers into his ear. LANCEL and a group of Faith Militant usher LORAS into the sept and down the steps. His hair has been shorn. MARGAERY stares at him. The Faith Militant lead him to the center of the room and move away. The HIGH SPARROW stands.  Ser Loras Tyrell. Are you prepared to stand trial and profess your guilt or innocence before the Seven?  Therell be no need for a trial. I confess before the Seven and freely admit to my crimes.  To which crimes will you be confessing?  All of them. I lay with other men including the traitor Renly Baratheon. The crowd murmurs.  I perjured myself before the gods. I am guilty of depravity dishonesty, profligacy, and arrogance. I see that now. I humble myself before the Seven and accept whatever punishment the gods deem just.  The gods judgment is fierce, but also fair. The Warrior punishes those who believe themselves beyond the reach of justice. But the Mother shows her mercy to those who kneel before her. LORAS kneels.  I take full responsibility for my many sins and unburden myself of my desires. My only remaining wish is to devote my life to the Seven. May I be a living example of their grace for others to witness.  You understand fully what this means?  I do. I will abandon the Tyrell name and all that goes with it. I will renounce my lordship and my claims on Highgarden. I will never marry and I will never father children.  Brother Loras LORAS begins to cry.  ...I ask you to dedicate your life to the seven gods. The HIGH SPARROW touches LORAS face. LORAS looks up at him.  Will you fight to defend your faith against heretics and apostates?  I will. The HIGH SPARROW smiles. The HIGH SPARROW nods. Two Faith Militant approach LORAS and take him by the arms. A third approaches him from behind, draws a knife, and begins carving the mark of the Seven into LORAS forehead. MACE stirs.  No, I cant let them MARGAERY blocks her father with her arm.  Faith is the way, Father. LORAS whinces. The handmaiden finishes dressing CERSEI and steps away from her. Someone approaches TOMMEN.  All right. Im ready. TOMMEN stands and turns around. GREGOR is standing in the doorway.  I have to go, Im-- Im late for the trial. TOMMEN walks towards GREGOR. GREGOR puts his hand on TOMMENs shoulder, blocking his path. The handmaiden exits. CERSEI looks over her shoulder. The Faith Militant has finished carving LORASs forehead. KEVAN watches from the crowd. MARGAERY has made her way to the floor in front of the HIGH SPARROW.  You mutilated him. You gave me your word.  Ive kept my word. Once the queen mothers trial is concluded, Brother Loras is free to leave.  And where is the queen mother?  Her litter never left the Red Keep.  It appears the queen mother doesnt wish to attend her own trial. CERSEI pours herself a glass of wine.  Go to the Red Keep and show her the way. LANCEL nods and exits with several Faith Militant. CERSEI walks to the balcony with her glass of wine. LANCEL emerges onto the steps with the Faith Militant. He sees a boy running down the steps. The boy looks over his shoulder at LANCEL.  Get the others. The other Faith Militant disperse. LANCEL looks over the railing and sees the boy enter a door at the foot of the steps. The young girl opens the door and leads PYCELLE inside. PYCELLE looks around. LANCEL runs to the door the boy entered and then goes inside. It leads to a tunnel. LANCEL sees the boy running down the tunnel with a lit torch. He starts after the boy. PYCELLE walks down the steps and into the lab, then turns around to see QYBURN sitting in a chair behind him.  Wheres the king? QYBURN stands.  Elsewhere, Im afraid.  Whats the meaning of this? I was told that-- I have more important things to do with my time than waste them in the presence--  Please, Grand Maester. I bear you no ill will. Please forgive me if you can. PYCELLE turns around. A young boy emerges from the shadows with a knife. LANCEL continues to follow the boy through the tunnels. More children brandishing knives appear. LANCEL runs down the tunnel after the boy.  This pains me, my lord. Whatever your faults, you do not deserve to die alone in such a cold, dark place. But sometimes before we can usher in the new, the old must be put to rest. The girl who led PYCELLE into the room brandishes a knife. LANCEL turns a corner and finds a smaller tunnel. He gets down on his hands and knees and crawls through it. The children converge on PYCELLE. PYCELLE slaps one of them but is overwhelmed. The children stab him repeatedly with their knives, killing him. QYBURN watches. LANCEL happens upon the boys torch and raises it up.  The longer you wait, the worse itll be for you. LANCEL spies a side passageway lined with barrels. The boy sneaks up on him and stabs him in the side. LANCEL yells and falls to the ground. The boy runs away. LANCEL breathes heavily. The boy returns and looks at LANCEL.  What are you doing? The boy runs away. The crowd is murmuring. MARGAERY looks around at them, then looks at LORAS. LORAS is hanging his head, his eyes downcast. LANCEL looks down the tunnel and sees a glimmer of light. He drags himself through the dirt towards it. CERSEI is standing at the balcony, staring out at the Great Sept of Baelor. MARGAERY looks around. LANCEL crawls closer to the other end of the hall. There is a green glow all around him. MARGAERY hurries over to the HIGH SPARROW.  Theres something wrong.  You have nothing to fear, Your Grace. The trial will begin shortly.  Cersei is not here. Tommen is not here. Why do you think they are not here?  If the accused is not here, she will be tried regardless. We cannot escape the justice of the gods--  Forget about the bloody gods and listen to what Im telling you. Cersei understands the consequences of her absence and she is absent anyway, which means she does not intend to suffer those consequences. The trial can wait. We all need to leave. The HIGH SPARROW scoffs and shakes his head. LANCEL has almost reached the end of the tunnel. He sees green pools of liquid on the ground in front of two barrels with candles in their centers. The candles have almost burned down to nothing. He looks around at the casks lining the walls of the tunnel and pulls himself onward towards the candles.  We all need to leave now! MARGAERY hurries over to LORAS. The crowd begins to stir. MARGAERY takes LORAS chin and lifts his face so his eyes meet hers.  Loras. Stay with me. MARGAERY ushers him towards the steps. LANCEL groans as he pulls himself closer to the candles. MARGAERY hurries towards the exit with LORAS. The crowd begins to panic and also heads towards the exit. Two Faith Militant block MARGAERYs path to the exit.  Let me through. Let me through. Get out of my way. MARGAERY pushes against the guards. The HIGH SPARROW looks around at the crowd.  Let us through! LANCEL reaches the candles. He tries to blow out the flame with his breath, but it wont go out. MARGAERY looks over her shoulder at the HIGH SPARROW. They stare into each others eyes. The flame from the candle touches the pool of green liquid and ignites it. The surrounding barrels are ignited and explode in a mass of green flame. LANCEL is incinerated. The explosion travels down the tunnel, igniting all of the barrels. The sound of an explosion can be heard. The green flame erupts from the center of the sept, incinerating the HIGH SPARROW and then engulfing the entire sept, killing everyone inside. The sept crumbles from the force of the explosion. The bell from its tower is flung down into the city, smashing into a bystander. The flames rush out from the sept. CERSEI watches the explosion. She cocks her head back, then smiles, sips her wine, and walks away. GREGOR is standing in the hallway.TOMMEN is staring out the window at the explosion with his mouth hanging open. GREGOR exits. SEPTA UNELLA is lying strapped to a table. CERSEI stands over her and pours wine in her face. SEPTA UNELLA sputters and struggles against her bindings.  Confess. Confess. CERSEI raises a pitcher of wine over SEPTA UNELLAs head.  No.  Confess. CERSEI pours the pitcher into SEPTA UNELLAs face. SEPTA UNELLA sputters and struggles. When the pitcher is empty, SEPTA UNELLA gasps for air.  Confess. It felt good. Beating me, starving me, frightening me, humiliating me. You didnt do it because you cared about my atonement. You did it because it felt good. I understand. I do things because they feel good. I drink because it feels good. I killed my husband because it felt good to be rid of him. I fuck my brother because it feels good to feel him inside me. I lie about fucking my brother because it feels good to keep our son safe from hateful hypocrites. I killed your High Sparrow and all his little sparrows all his septons, all his septas, all his filthy soldiers, because it felt good to watch them burn. It felt good to imagine their shock and their pain. No thought has ever given me greater joy. Even confessing feels good under the right circumstances. CERSEI touches SEPTA UNELLAs face.  Youve always been quiet. CERSEI walks around the table.  I said my face would be the last thing you saw before you died. Do you remember?  Good. Im glad to see your face. Im ready to meet the gods.  What? Now? Today? Youre not going to die today. Youre not going to die for quite a while. Ser Gregor. GREGOR enters the room.  This is Ser Gregor Clegane. Hes quiet, too. SEPTA UNELLA looks at GREGOR. GREGOR removes his helmet. His face is cloaked in shadow.  Your gods have forsaken you. This is your god now. CERSEI walks towards the exit. GREGOR enters. His face is purple and mangled. He puts his helmet down on the table next to SEPTA UNELLA.  No. SEPTA UNELLA struggles against her bindings, then cries out in pain.  Shame. CERSEI take hold of the door and closes it behind her.  Shame. SEPTA UNELLA screams.  Shame. CERSEI closes the latch on the doors porthole and walks away. SEPTA UNELLA screams. TOMMEN is staring out the window.  Im very sorry, Your Grace. Very sorry. The attendant exits. TOMMEN takes his crown off his head and walks to another part of the room. He returns to the window, stands up on the sill, and plummets off the edge. A banquet is underway. WALDER FREY is making a toast. JAIME and BRONN sit at the tables with the Frey and Lannister men, listening.  For House Lannister!  Hear me roar! The men cheer.  For House Frey!  We stand together! The men cheer.  May we stand together through the centuries, good friends to the last. The men cheer.  And when we drive our swords through our enemies hearts, may we speak the words of our alliance, The Freys and the Lannisters send their regards. The men cheer. A handmaiden looks at BRONN and then at JAIME.  You dont even have to do anything, do you? JAIME looks at the handmaiden.  You just sit there, a rich slab of beef, and all the birds come pecking.  Youre welcome to her.  She doesnt want me. She wants your golden fingers up her twat. JAIME nods at two women standing on the other side of the room.  Those two have their eyes on you. BRONN looks at the women.  They have their eyes on you, cunt.  Not my type.  Not blonde enough?  Ladies, have you met Ser Bronn of the Blackwater, hero of the Battle of Blackwater Bay. JAIME looks at BRONN.  There you go.  Maybe Im not in the mood. The girls approach Bronn.  Fuck it. BRONN stands and approaches the girls.  No need to call me ser just because Im an anointed knight. WALDER sits down next to JAIME.  This came together rather well. Your father would be pleased.  Im sure he would be.  Edmure is back in a cell. Cant go killing my son by law. It wouldnt be right. Give the family a bad name. WALDER sips his wine.  So the famous Blackfish killed by footsoldiers, eh? Legendary warrior, everyone said.  Have you done much fighting yourself, Lord Frey?  Im a bit old for all that.  No, but back in your day.  The purpose of fighting is defeating your enemies, isnt it? JAIME nods.  Ive defeated mine. Riverrun belonged to House Tully for a thousand years. Now its mine. What do you call that? Victory.  Yes, youre a great conqueror.  Go on, mock me, boy. You think I mind? The Tullys mocked me for years. The Starks mocked me. Where are they now? You talk about war as if youre an expert but the one battle I remember you fighting, you were captured by Robb Stark, the Young Wolf. But it doesnt matter. Here we are now, two kingslayers. We know what its like to have them grovel to our faces and snigger behind our backs. We dont mind, do we? Fear is a marvelous thing.  They dont fear the Freys, though. They fear the Lannisters. We gave you the Riverlands to hold the Riverlands. If we have to ride north and take them back for you every time you lose them, why do we need you? JAIME stands and exits. WALDER watches him go. CERSEI and QYBURN are standing over TOMMENs body. His body is covered in a veil.  Show me.  Your Grace, theres no need--  Show me. QYBURN uncovers TOMMENs body. CERSEI stares at it.  What are your thoughts concerning the kings funeral? As the Sept of Baelor is no longer an option, perhaps a ceremony in the throne room?  He should be with his grandfather, his brother, his sister. Burn him and bury his ashes where the sept once stood. A horse-drawn carriage moves down the road, then stops. SAM and GILLY emerge from behind it. GILLY is carrying LITTLE SAM. They walk to a nearby hill look out over a lake. Oldtown stands across the lake. SAM and GILLY marvel at it. SAM and GILLY enter and walk to the front desk. A maester is sitting behind the desk, holding spectacles up to his eyes and reading.  Hello. The maester keeps reading and then looks up at SAM, removing his spectacles.  From Lord Commander Snow at Castle Black. SAM holds up a letter. The maester puts down his spectacles and opens his palm. SAM reaches across the table with the letter, offering it to the maester. The maester does not retrieve it. SAM presses himself against the desk, leans further in, and places the letter directly in the maesters hand. The maester takes the letter, breaks the seal, and reads it.  Im-- Im to be the new maester. The maester looks at SAM and then opens a large book. He flips a few pages.  Oh. The maester points his finger to a line of text on the open page.  According to our records, Jeor Mormont is Lord Commander.  He died.  We received no report from the maester at Castle Black.  Maester Aemon became quite ill shortly after the election. Hes since passed away. Which is why Im here.  This is irregular.  Yes, well, I suppose that life is irregular. The maester stares blankly at SAM, then picks up a quill and crosses off two lines of text in the open book.  The archmaester will discuss these irregularities with you. In the meantime, you are permitted to use the library. Follow me. The maester stands and begins walking away. SAM and GILLY start to follow him. He turns back and looks at GILLY.  No women or children! The maester turns and walks away. SAM makes several baffled gestures to GILLY and then follows the maester. They enter a small hallway full of books. The maester stops in front of a dark side passage and gestures towards it. SAM starts down the passage. The maester leaves. On his way through, SAM touches several of the books lining the shelves. SAM emerges onto the other side of the passage. The passage opens onto an enormous library with a chandelier dangling from the ceiling that reflects light. SAM gets teary and smiles. A white raven flies over the Northern wilderness towards Winterfell. JON SNOW is standing behind the high table, staring across the hall. MELISANDRE stands by his side.  When we had feasts, our family would sit up here and Id sit down there. JON SNOW points to the other end of the hall.  Could have been worse, Jon Snow. You had a family. You had feasts. JON SNOW chuckles.  Aye, youre right. I was luckier than most. DAVOS enters the hall and tosses the charred stag statuette at MELISANDRE. MELISANDRE catches it.  What is that?  Tell him. Tell him who it belonged to.  The Princess Shireen.  Tell him what you did to her. Tell him!  We burned her at the stake.  Why?  The army was trapped. The horses were dying. It was the only way.  You burned a little girl alive!  I only do what my Lord commands!  If he commands you to burn children, your Lord is evil!  We are standing here because of him. Jon Snow is alive because the Lord willed it.  I loved that girl like she was my own. She was good. She was kind. And you killed her!  So did her father. So did her mother. Her own blood knew it was the only way.  The only way for what? They all died anyway! You told everyone Stannis was the one. You had him believing it, all of them fooled. And you lied.  I didnt lie. I was wrong.  Aye, you were wrong. How many died because you were wrong? DAVOS and MELISANDRE stare at each other in silence.  I ask your leave to execute this woman for murder. She admits to the crime.  Do you have anything to say for yourself?  Ive been ready to die for many years. If the Lord was done with me, so be it, but hes not. Youve seen the Night King, Jon Snow. You know the great war is still to come. You know the army of the dead will be upon us soon. And you know I can help you win that war. JON SNOW approaches MELISANDRE.  Ride south today. If you return to the North, Ill have you hanged as a murderer. MELISANDRE puts the stag statuette down on the high table and begins to walk away. DAVOS moves in her way.  If you ever come back this way, I will execute you myself. MELISANDRE moves past DAVOS and exits. JON SNOW stands atop the outer wall watching MELISANDRE ride south on her horse. SANSA appears.  Im having the lords chamber prepared for you.  Mother and Fathers room? You should take it.  Im not a Stark.  You are to me.  Youre the Lady of Winterfell. You deserve it. Were standing here because of you. The battle was lost until the Knights of the Vale rode in. They came because of you. You told me Lord Baelish sold you to the Boltons.  He did.  And you trust him?  Only a fool would trust Littlefinger. I should have told you about him, about the Knights of the Vale. Im sorry. JON SNOW approaches SANSA.  We need to trust each other. We cant fight a war amongst ourselves. We have so many enemies now. JON SNOW touches SANSAs face and kisses her on the forehead, then turns to walk away.  Jon. JON SNOW turns back to face SANSA.  A raven came from the Citadel. A white raven. Winter is here. JON SNOW smiles and looks up at the sky.  Well, Father always promised, didnt he? JON SNOW exits. SANSA looks out at the wilderness. ELLARIA SAND and OLENNA TYRELL are sitting across a table from each other. OBARA SAND, NYMERIA SAND, and TYENE SAND flank ELLARIA.  The last time a Tyrell came to Dorne, he was assassinated. 100 red scorpions, was it?  You have nothing to fear from us, Lady Olenna.  You murder your own prince, but you expect me to trust you?  We invited you to Dorne because we needed your help. You came to Dorne because you needed our help?  What is your name again? Barbaro?  Obara.  Obara. You look like an angry little boy. Dont presume to tell me what I need.  Forgive my sister. What she lacks in diplomacy, she makes--  Do shut up, dear. OLENNA looks at TYENE.  Anything from you? TYENE opens her mouth to speak.  No? Good. Let the grown women speak.  The Lannisters have declared war on House Tyrell. They have declared war on Dorne. We must be allies now if we wish to survive.  Cersei stole the future from me. She killed my son. She killed my grandson. She killed my granddaughter. Survival is not what Im after now.  Youre absolutely right. I chose the wrong words. It is not survival I offer. It is your hearts desire. ELLARIA rings a bell.  And what is my hearts desire?  Vengeance. Justice. VARYS emerges from a hallway.  Fire and blood. DAENERYS is sitting on a couch, sipping a glass of wine. DAARIO enters.  Your ships are nearly ready. I saw them painting the sails. DAARIO pours himself a glass of wine.  Im curious to see how the Dothraki do on the poison water.  Youre not coming with us.  New strategy? You want the Second Sons to attack from the west coast? If we take Casterly Rock, the Lannisters will have nowhere to run when you hit Kings Landing. DAARIO approaches DAENERYS and stands in front of her.  Youre not going to Westeros. Youre staying here with the Second Sons. Theres finally peace in Meereen. You will keep the peace while the people choose their own leaders. DAARIO sets his glass of wine down on a table.  Fuck Meereen. Fuck the people. Im here for you, not them.  You promised me. My sword is yours. My life is yours. This is what I command. If Im going to rule in Westeros, Ill need to make alliances. The best way to make alliances is with marriage. DAARIO sits down.  Who are you marrying this time?  I dont know. Maybe no one.  But you need to lure all the noble houses to the table? Are you a queen or fish bait?  I cant bring a lover to Westeros.  A king wouldnt think twice about it.  So thats what you want? To be my mistress?  Im not proud. I dont care what perfumed aristocrat sits beside you in the throne room. I dont want a crown. I want you. DAARIO approaches DAENERYS and kneels in front of her.  I love you. And I make you happy. You know I do. Bring me with you. Let me fight for you. DAENERYS touches DAARIOs face.  I cant. DAARIO stands.  The dwarf told you to do this.  No one tells me to do anything.  Clever fellow. Cant argue with his logic. Im no use to you over there.  Dont get angry.  Im not angry. Im full of self-pity. Who comes after you? Who can ever follow Daenerys Stormborn, the Mother of Dragons?  A great number of women, I imagine. Specific orders will be left for you regarding the welfare of Meereen and the Bay of Dragons. DAENERYS stands.  Bay of Dragons?  We cant call it Slavers Bay anymore, can we?  Youll get that throne you want so badly, Im sure of it. I hope it brings you happiness. DAARIO sips his wine.  I pity the lord of Westeros. They have no idea whats coming for them.  Farewell, Daario Naharis. DAARIO nods and exits. TYRION is sitting off to the side of the room on a bench. DAENERYS enters, walking down the steps from the throne.  How did he take it?  No tears.  I know it was hard for you. You turned away a man who truly loves you because he would have been a liability in the Seven Kingdoms. Thats the kind of self-sacrifice that makes for a good ruler, if its any consolation. DAENERYS reaches the bottom of the steps and approaches TYRION.  Its not.  No, I suppose not. Im terrible at consoling. DAENERYS sits down on the bench next to TYRION.  Yes, you really are.  All right, how about the fact that this is actually happening? You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your dragons. Everything youve ever wanted since you were old enough to want anything. Its all yours for the taking. Are you afraid? DAENERYS nods.  Good. Youre in the great game now. And the great games terrifying. The only people who arent afraid of failure are madmen like your father.  Do you know what frightens me? I said farewell to a man who loves me. A man I thought I cared for. And I felt nothing. Just impatient to get on with it.  He wasnt the first to love you and he wont be the last.  Well, you have completely failed to console me. DAENERYS stands and turns to face TYRION.  For what its worth, Ive been a cynic for as long as I can remember. Everyones always asking me to believe in things-- family, gods, kings, myself. It was often tempting until I saw where belief got people. So I said no, thank you to belief. And yet here I am. TYRION stands on the bench.  I believe in you. Its embarrassing, really. Id swear you my sword, but I dont actually own a sword.  Its your counsel I need.  Its yours. Now and always.  Good. I, um I had something made for you. Im not sure if its right. DAENERYS pins a Hand of the Kings brooch on TYRIONs chest.  Tyrion Lannister, I name you Hand of the Queen. TYRION holds back tears, then kneels. WALDER FREY is sitting at the high table, eating and drinking. The rest of the dining hall is empty. A handmaiden approaches and sets down a platter of pie on the table in front of him.  Youre not one of mine, are you?  No, my lord.  Didnt think so. Too pretty. WALDER slaps the handmaiden on the buttocks and smiles.  Where are my damn moron sons? Black Walder and Lothar promised to be here by midday.  Theyre here, my lord.  Well, what are they doing, trimming their cunt hairs? Tell them to come here now.  But theyre already here, my lord. WALDER looks around the hall. The handmaiden points to the pie.  Here, my lord. WALDER pulls back the top layer of the pie. A finger protrudes from the center of the slice.  They werent easy to carve. Especially Black Walder. WALDER breathes heavily.  What The handmaiden reaches up to her face and pulls it away, revealing her true identity is ARYA.  My name is Arya Stark. I want you to know that. The last thing youre ever going to see is a Stark smiling down at you as you die. ARYA brandishes a knife. WALDER gets up to run, but ARYA grabs him and pulls him back down. She grabs him by the forehead and slits his throat. He convulses and groans as he dies. ARYA smiles and stares at him. SANSA sits underneath the weirwood tree. PETYR approaches her.  Forgive me, my lady if youre at prayer.  Im done with all that. I came here every day when I was a girl. I prayed to be somewhere else. Back then I only ever thought about what I wanted, never about what I had. SANSA stands and walks towards PETYR.  I was a stupid girl.  You were a child.  What do you want?  I thought you knew what I wanted.  I was wrong.  No, you werent. Every time Im faced with a decision, I close my eyes and see the same picture. Whenever I consider an action, I ask myself will this action help to make this picture a reality? Pull it out of my mind and into the world? And I only act if the answer is yes. A picture of me on the Iron Throne and you by my side. PETYR leans in to kiss SANSA, but SANSA puts her hand on his chest to stop him.  Its a pretty picture. SANSA walks past PETYR.  News of this battle will spread quickly through the Seven Kingdoms. Ive declared for House Stark for all to hear.  Youve declared for other houses before, Lord Baelish. Its never stopped you from serving yourself.  The past is gone for good. You can sit here mourning its departure or you can prepare for the future. You, my love, are the future of House Stark. Who should the North rally behind? A trueborn daughter of Ned and Catelyn Stark born here at Winterfell or a motherless bastard born in the south? SANSA exits. BENJEN stares up at The Wall. BRAN and MEERA wait nearby.  This is where I leave you.  Youre not coming with us?  The Wall is not just ice and stone. Ancient spells were carved into its foundations. Strong magic to protect men from what lies beyond. And while it stands, the dead cannot pass. I cannot pass. BENJEN approaches his horse and lifts BRAN off of it. He carries BRAN to the foot of a nearby weirwood, then walks back to his horse.  Where will you go?  The great war is coming and I still fight for the living. Ill do what I can as long as I can. BENJEN mounts his horse.  Thank you, Uncle Benjen.  I wish you both good fortune. BENJEN rides away. BRAN looks at the weirwood and then starts to crawl towards it. MEERA helps him. BRAN reaches out to the weirwood but MEERA grabs his wrist.  Are you sure youre ready for this? Im the Three-Eyed Raven now. I have to be ready for this. BRAN touches the weirwood tree. NED stands at the base of the Tower of Joy. He heards LYANNA screaming in the Tower and rushes towards the stairs. BRAN stands on the ground behind him. NED turns back as though he hears a noise, but sees nothing. He hurries up the steps. BRAN follows. NED bursts through a door into a bedroom. LYANNA lies in bed. The sheets are soaked with blood. A handmaiden is standing in the corner.  Ned?  Lyanna. NED rushes to LYANNAs side.  Is that you? Is that really you? LYANNA lifts her hand. NED takes it.  Youre not a dream.  No, Im not a dream. Im here. Right here.  Ive missed you, big brother. NED begins to cry.  Ive missed you, too.  I want to be brave.  Shh. You are.  Im not. NED lifts his hand from LYANNAs stomach. His palm is covered in blood.  I dont want to die.  Youre not going to die. NED looks at the handmaiden.  Get her some water!  No, no water.  Is there a maester?  Please. Listen to me, Ned. LYANNA whispers in NEDs ear.  If Robert finds out, hell kill him, you know he will. You have to protect him. Promise me, Ned. Promise me. The handmaiden hands NED the child.  Promise me, Ned. Promise me. NED stares down at the baby. The baby opens its eyes. Zoom on the babys face. Slow zoom out from JON SNOWs face. JON SNOW is sitting at high table. SANSA sits beside him. Representatives from Northern houses, the Vale, and the wildlings are gathered in the dining hall. TORMUND and DAVOS sit among the wildlings. PETYR stands off to the side, watching.  You cant expect Knights of the Vale to side with wildling invaders.  We didnt invade. We were invited.  Not by me. JON SNOW stands.  The free folk, the northerners, and the Knights of the Vale fought bravely, fought together, and we won. My father uses to say we find our true friends on the battlefield. One of the houses representatives stands.  The Boltons are defeated. The war is over. Winter has come. If the maesters are right, itll be the coldest one in a thousand years. We should ride home and wait out the coming storms.  The war is not over. And I promise you, friend, the true enemy wont wait out the storm. He brings the storm. The men begin to murmur. LYANNA MORMONT stands.  Your son was butchered at the Red Wedding, Lord Manderly. But you refused the call. You swore allegiance to House Stark, Lord Glover, but in their hour of greatest need, you refused the call. And you, Lord Cerwyn, your father was skinned alive by Ramsay Bolton. Still you refuse the call. But House Mormont remembers. The North remembers. We know no king but the King in the North whose name is Stark. I dont care if hes a bastard. Ned Starks blood runs through his veins. Hes my king from this day until his last day. The men resume murmuring. LORD MANDERLY stands.  Lady Mormont speaks harshly and truly. My son died for Robb Stark, the Young Wolf. I didnt think wed find another king in my lifetime. I didnt commit my men to your cause cause I didnt want more Manderlys dying for nothing. But I was wrong. Jon Snow avenged the Red Wedding. He is the White Wolf. The King in the North. MANDERLY draws his blade, then rests it point-down on the ground and kneels. LORD GLOVER stands.  I did not fight beside you on the field and I will regret that until my dying day. A man can only admit when he was wrong and ask forgiveness.  Theres nothing to forgive, my lord.  There will be more fights to come. House Glover will stand behind House Stark as we have for a thousands years. And I will stand behind Jon Snow the King in the North! GLOVER draws his blade, then rests it point-down on the ground and kneels.  The King in the North! Everyone in the hall stands and draws their blades.  The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! JON SNOW stands. SANSA and PETYR look at each other. JAIME, BRONN, and several Lannister knights are riding on horseback on a high hill. They stop and look out at Kings Landing. JAIME sees smoke billowing out of the ruins of the Great Sept of Baelor.  Come on. JAIME rides on. CERSEI enters, escorted by GREGOR and the Kingsguard. The room is full of nobles and city soldiers. QYBURN stands next to the Iron Throne, holding a crown. CERSEI and GREGOR approach the throne. CERSEI stands in front of the throne. JAIME enters through a side passage and watches.  I now proclaim Cersei of the House Lannister First of Her Name, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Protector of the Seven Kingdoms. QYBURN places the crown on CERSEIs head. CERSEI sits in the Iron Throne. She and JAIME look at each other.  Long may she reign.  Long may she reign. THEON and YARA are standing on their ship. They look out at the sea. A vessel appears with a dragon as its ram. GREY WORM and the Unsullied are riding in it. Hundreds of other ships are sailing around them. Some of the ships carry the Dothraki and their horses. DROGON, VISERION, and RHAEGAL fly overhead. They fly over the boat leading the convoy DAENERYS, TYRION, VARYS, and MISSANDEI are riding in it. DAENERYS and TYRION look at each other, then DAENERYS looks out at the ocean ahead. The dragons screech. Longclaw is lying on a table. DOLOROUS EDD lifts and admires it, then turns to JON SNOW who is putting some items in a bag.  Where you gonna go?  South.  What are you gonna do?  Get warm. JON SNOW smiles. DOLOROUS EDD places Longclaw on the table.  I was with you at Hardhome. We saw whats out there. We know its coming here. How can you leave us now?  I did everything I could. You know that.  You swore a vow.  Aye, I pledged my life to the Nights Watch. I gave my life.  For all nights to come.  They killed me, Edd! My own brothers. You want me to stay here after that? A single horn sounds outside. JON SNOW and DOLOROUS EDD look to the doorway.  Riders approaching!  Open the gate! The southern gates open. SANSA, BRIENNE, and PODRICK enter the courtyard on horseback. The Nights Watch and the Wildlings all watfch them. TORMUND stares intently at BRIENNE. The trio dismount from their horses. JON SNOW and DOLOROUS EDD emerge onto a balcony overlooking the courtyard. SANSA slowly spins around until she and JON SNOW lock eyes. JON SNOW descends from the balcony and walks to SANSA. They stare at each other and then embrace. JON SNOW and SANSA are sitting by the fire. SANSA lifts a bowl to her lips and drinks from it.  This is good soup. Do you remember those kidney pies Old Nan used to make?  With the peas and onions?  Mmm.  We never should have left Winterfell.  Dont you wish we could go back to the day we left? I want to scream at myself, Dont go, you idiot.  How could we know?  I spent a lot of time thinking about what as ass I was to you. I wish I could change everything.  We were children.  I was awful, just admit it. JON SNOW chuckles.  You were occasionally awful. Im sure I cant have been great fun. Always sulking in the corner while the rest of you played.  Can you forgive me?  Theres nothing to forgive.  Forgive me.  All right. All right, I forgive you. SANSA laughs, then holds out her hand for JON SNOWs horn of ale. JON SNOW gives it to her. She sips, then coughs. JON SNOW laughs.  Youd think after thousands of years, the Nights Watch would have learned how to make a good ale.  Where will you go?  Where will we go? If I dont watch over you, Fathers ghost will come back and murder me.  Where will we go?  I cant stay here, not after what happened.  Theres only one place we can go. Home.  Should we tell the Boltons to pack up and leave?  Well take it back from them.  I dont have an army.  How many wildlings did you save?  They didnt come here to serve me.  They owe you their lives. SANSA stands and walks to a table. She places her bowl down on it.  You think theyll be safe here if Roose Bolton remains Warden of the North?  Sansa.  Winterfell is our home. Its ours and Aryas and Brans and Rickons. Wherever they are, it belongs to our family. We have to fight for it.  Im tired of fighting. JON SNOW stands and turns to face SANSA.  Its all Ive done since I left home. Ive killed brothers of the Nights Watch. Ive killed wildlings. Ive killed men that I admire. I hanged a boy younger than Bran. I fought and I lost.  If we dont take back the North, well never be safe. I want you to help me. But Ill do it myself if I have to. MELISANDRE is looking out over the edge of the balcony. DAVOS approaches her.  My lady.  Ser Davos.  Will you stay here at Castle Black?  I will do as Jon Snow commands.  You serve Jon Snow now?  Hes the prince that was promised.  Forgive me, my lady, I thought that was Stannis. MELISANDRE walks away from DAVOS and down into the courtyard. DAVOS follows her.  What happened down there?  There was a battle. Stannis was defeated. MELISANDRE continues to walk away, but DAVOS grabs her arm to stop her.  And Shireen? What happened to the princess? BRIENNE approaches.  I saw what happened. I saw Stannis forces defeated in the field.  My lady, Im Ser Davos Seaworth.  Weve met before. I was Kingsguard to Renly Baratheon. Before Renly was assassinated with bloodmagic. BRIENNE stares at MELISANDRE.  Thats in the past now.  Yes, its in the past. It doesnt mean I forget. Or forgive. He admitted it, you know.  Who did?  Stannis. Just before I executed him. BRIENNE walks away. MELISANDRE walks in the opposite direction. DAVOS stares at BRIENNE. ROBIN is aiming at a target with a bow and arrow. He shoots, but the arrow falls short. YOHN ROYCE sighs to himself. ROBIN looks to YOHN ROYCE for approval. YOHN ROYCE smiles. A carriage approaches, accompanied by several knights. The knight driving the carriages dismouts and extends the carriage steps. LITTLEFINGER emerges from the carriage.  The Defender of the Vale!  Uncle Petyr! ROBIN drops the bow and arrow and runs to LITTLEFINGER. They embrace.  My lord. Come and see. LITTLEFINGER ushers ROBIN to the rear of the carriage.  I missed your name day. Go on. ROBIN and LITTLEFINGER pull a sheet from the back of the carriage, revealing a cage with a falcon inside. The falcon squawks. ROBIN gasps.  A falcon!  A gyrfalcon. The greatest and rarest of birds.  Last time I saw you, Baelish, you told me you were taking Sansa Stark home with you to the Fingers.  Indeed I was.  And yet not long ago, we received reports that she has been married to Ramsay Bolton in Winterfell.  On our way to the Fingers, we were set upon by a large force of Bolton men. Seemed to know exactly when we were traveling and exactly whom we were transporting.  Do you take me for a fool?  Tell me, Lord Royce, how many people knew of my travel plans with Sansa Stark? I shared my intentions with you and no one else. The ensuing conversation momentarily distracts ROBIN from admiring the falcon. YOHN ROYCE approaches LITTLEFINGER slowly.  Slander a man in his own home, you might find yourself crossing swords with him.  Your home is the Vale. The Lord of the Vale stands before us. And only his judgment concerns me. YOHN ROYCE looks to ROBIN.  Shall we throw him through the Moon Door? The surrounding knights begin to approach YOHN ROYCE. YOHN ROYCE walks closer to ROBIN.  My lord. My lord, I have always been faithful to House Arryn. To your father, to your mother, and now to you.  Do you believe him, Uncle Petyr? YOHN ROYCE turns back to look at LITTLEFINGER.  Lord Royce has served the Vale well. He;s enjoyed a distinguished military career. If we could trust his absolute loyalty, he would make a capable commander in the wars to come. YOHN ROYCE turns back to ROBIN.  You can trust my absolute loyalty, my lord.  I think he deserves one more chance. What do you say?  Fine. YOHN ROYCE bows and walks a few feet away from the engagement.  I bring good news. My friends in the North tell me Sansa has escaped Winterfell. I expect shes headed to Castle Black where her brother serves as Lord Commander. But she wont be safe there, not with the Boltons after her.  Shes my cousin. We should help her.  That was my instinct as well. LITTLEFINGER turns and walks towards YOHN ROYCE.  Our lord has spoken. Gather the Knights of the Vale. The time has come to join the fray. A ship is entering the harbor. TYRION, VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM are standing on the shore watching its approach.  You invite the enemy into our city?  I did. As a clever man once told me, We make peace with our enemies, not our friends. TYRION begins walking away. The others follow.  I dont make peace with the queens enemies. I kill the queens enemies.  Yes, thats the military approach. And how has that worked here in Meereen? I represent the diplomatic approach. TYRION and VARYS begin ascending the stairs to the Great Pyramid.  Our queen tried to make peace with the Masters and they tried to murder her. TYRION and VARYS turn back to face MISSANDEI and GREY WORM. TYRION We enter these negotiations with open eyes. Trust me. My own recent experience with slavery has taught me the horrors of that institution.  How many days were you a slave? TYRION stammers.  Long enough to know.  Not long enough to understand. TYRION and VARYS proceed up the steps. MISSANDEI and GREY WORM follow. TYRION, VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM are sitting in attendance to three masters, YEZZAN ZO QAGGAZ, RAZDAL MO ERAZ, and BELICHO PAENYMION.  I bought this dwarf for a single gold honor. And somehow youve risen to the top of the Great Pyramid of Meereen. Its most impressive.  And now you speak for the Good Masters of Astapor.Heres to reversals of fortune.  We came here to meet the queen and instead were greeted by a dwarf and a eunuch.  Lets make this simple, shall we? Tell me what you want.  We want you to leave Slavers Bay. Take your dragons and your mercenaries and go.  Queen Daenerys wont stay in Meereen forever. Her path takes her westward.  When we last met, I offered her ships so she could return to Westeros where she belongs. She refused them.  She refused them because hundreds of thousands of men, women, and children still lived in chains.  As they have since the dawn of time.  Not anymore.  You think youre a free man now? You still follow orders. Just because your master has silver hair and tits doesnt mean shes not a master.  Friends, friends, friends, please. GREY WORM stares intently at YEZZAN.  There have always been those with wealth and power and those with nothing. That is the way of the world. Im not here to change the way of the world.  Slavery is the way of our world.  You dont need slaves to make money. There havent been slaves in Westeros for hundreds of years and I grew up richer than any of you. But our queen recognizes that she erred by abolishing slavery without providing a new system to replace it. So here is the queens proposal. Slavery will never return to Meereen but she will give the other cities of Slavers Bay time to adjust to the new order.  What does that mean?  Instead of abolishing slavery overnight, we will give you seven years to end the practice. The masters look at each others.  Slaveholders will be compensated for their losses, of course, at fair prices. In exchange, you will cut off your support for the Sons of the Harpy.  We do not support the Sons of the Harpy.  Fine, fine, but you will cut it off all the same. I do hope you accept, my friends. You will not receive a better offer. TYRION picks up a bell from the table beside him and rings it.  Let us sail on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by it. And as a parting gift to our honored guests Three women enter. Each one sits in the lap of one of the masters.  Give freedom a chance. See if it doesnt taste every bit as good as what came before. TYRION exits. VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM follow. A group of commoner representatives are gathered together at the foot of the throne, whispering in Valyrian. TYRION, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM enter on the throne platform.  My friends! Large sorry...you wait so fat time.  Perhaps I should translate for you.  We speak the Common Tongue.  Excellent.  You met with the slavers today.  I did.  Our brothers and sister died fighting these scum. Now you invite them to our city and drink wine with them.  I imagine this room was built so the rulers could intimidate the ruled. TYRION begins to descend the steps towards the men. MISSANDEI and GREY WORM follow.  But I am not your ruler. Im not the Breaker of Chains. Im not the Unburnt. And I am certainly not the Mother of Dragons. TYRION and company reach the bottom of the steps so they are face to face with the men.  You are a stranger here. So why do you represent Meereen in these talks with our enemies?  Because our queen chose me as her advisor. Until she returns from her travels --  When does she return?  Soon. You have my word.  We dont know you. We dont trust you. We know Torgo Nudho. We fight with him against the Masters. We trust him.  And that is exactly why Grey Worm took part in these negotiations. As commander of the Unsullied, he knows hot to defeat the slavers and he knows when it is time to make peace.  You have made peace with the slavers?  We offered terms.  And you, Grey Worm? You want to drink wine with these men? The men who tore us from our mothers arms and sold us at auction like cattle?  I am a soldier, not a politician. But if there is a chance for peace -- a just peace -- we should take it.  Missandei, you know what these men are. How can you trust them?  I do not trust them. I will never trust them. MISSANDEI pauses and looks at TYRION.  But as a wise man once said, We make peace with our enemies, not our friends. TYRION smiles. TYRION, GREY WORM, and MISSANDEI are walking together.  Do not use me for your lies.  Those men respect you.  They respect me because they know who I am. They know I am loyal.  As do I.  I am loyal to my queen, not you. If you betray her work, you are my enemy.  I am not betraying her work. I am trying to save her city.  You promised the slavers they could keep slavery.  For a short time.  Seven years is not a short time for a slave.  Youre right. Slavery is a horror that should be ended at once. War is a horror that should be ended at once. I cant do both today.  You are wrong to trust these men.  I dont trust the Masters. I trust their self-interest. Theyre trustworthy if theyre convinced that working with me is in their self-interest.  You dont know them. You dont understand them. We are not human in their eyes. They look at me and see a weapon. They look at her and see a whore.  They look at me and they see a misshapen little beast. Their contempt is their weakness. Theyll underestimate us every time and we will use that to our advantage.  You will not use them. They will use you. That is what they do. JORAH and DAARIO are walking to the top of a mountain crag. JORAH lags behind and stops to catch his breath. DAARIO turns back to him.  You all right? Why dont you sit and catch your breath?  Im fine. DAARIO chuckles.  I dont think you could ride the dragon. 20 years ago, maybe.  What?  Our queen. Shes wild, you know. Dont let her size fool you. Its hard enough for me and Im a young man. You, I dont think your heart could take it. JORAH stares at DAARIO for a few moments and then continues along the path.  Must make you angry that our queen chose me.  Makes me sad. Youll disappoint her before long. Shell move on.  Well all disappoint her before long. JORAH turns back to face DAARIO.  We need each other right now. After were done needing each other --  Oh, I dont want to fight you, Jorah the Andal. What do I have to gain? If I win, Im the shit who killed an old man. If I lose, Im the shit who was killed by an old man.  You didnt get much discipline as a child, did you?  None. JORAH and DAARIO crawl to the edge of the ridge and look below. Vaes Dothrak sprawls across the valley floor.  The road running through the Horse Gate, they call that the godsway. JORAH points to the eastern division of Vaes Dothrak, and then to the western division.  Eastern Market, Western Market. When Khal Drogo died, she was supposed to come here and join the Dosh Khaleen, the widows of the dead khals. Thats where they would have taken her, the Temple of the Dosh Khaleen. JORAH stands and walks off to the side. He begins undoing his sword belt.  What are you doing?  Its forbidden to carry weapons in the sacred city.  Isnt it forbidden to sneak into their city and steal their khaleesi?  If they spot us and were unarmed, well say were traders heading for the Western Market. But if they see weapons  Youre asking a dog to hand over his teeth.  Theres 100,000 of them down there. We cant fight our way out. We wait till dark, and then well find her. DAARIO hands over his weapons, except for his dagger. JORAH holds his hand out for the dagger.  Uh DAARIO flips the knife around in his hand.  Im very attached to this knife. DAARIO kisses and strokes the knife, then motions to hand it to JORAH. He spots the patch of greyscale on JORAHs arm through a hole in his sleeve. JORAH pinches the fabric of his sleeve together to cover up the greyscale.  Dont worry. it didnt touch you.  You know what happens?  I know what happens. DAARIO gestures with the dagger.  Ill do it myself. JORAH walks to the side and stares into space. Dothraki men and women are celebrating in the streets. JORAH and DAARIO are sneaking through the stables. They crouch down in front of a railing and see a Dothraki man and woman fornicating.  I should have been born a Dothraki. JORAH and DAARIO sneak into an alleyway. They move through the alley, but spot two Dothraki men coming their way. JORAH grabs DAARIO.  Come on. JORAN and DAARIO walk out to greet the Dothraki men. They proceed to speak in Dothraki.  My friends...We wandered off from the Western Market and got lost. Could you show us the way back?  What do you sell?  Wine. Come down to my stall tomorrow, Ill give you a cask of the Arbors finest.  Youre not merchants. The Dothraki man inclines his head towards his fellow man.  Get the others. The second Dothraki man runs down the alleyway. DAARIO darts after him. JORAH swings at the first Dothraki man, but misses. The Dothraki man knees him in the face, knocking him to the ground. DAARIO continues to pursue the other Dothraki man. JORAH strikes his foe twice, but both are blocked. The Dothraki man strikes back with a punch to the face that sends JORAH sprawling. In the alley, just before the other Dothraki man reaches the common area, DAARIO grabs him from behind, places his hand over his mouth, and then snaps his neck. JORAH is rebuffed by his foe a third time. He attempts to throw sand in the Dothraki mans face, but he dodges out of the way. JORAH climbs to his knees, but the Dothraki man grabs him by the throat and begins choking him. DAARIO stabs the Dothraki man from behind, killing him.  Told you, Im very attached to this knife. DAARIO tucks the dagger away in his shirt. JORAH climbs to his feet.  You all right?  If they find a body with a stab wound, the whole city will be looking for us. DAARIO grabs a large rock and smashes the dead Dothraki man with it several times.  Huh. DAENERYS is sitting among the Dosh Khaleen. The women whisper among themselves, but the leader sits beside DAENERYS. They begin to speak in Dothraki.  Some of them dont think Dothraki should breed with foreigners. They are stupid old women. They dont realize that we have always diluted our blood. This one is Lhazareen. Her Khal found her hiding in a well after he burned her village. How old were you?  Twelve.  A year later, she bore her Khal a daughter. How did he show his happiness?  He broke my ribs.  We are not queens here, but the khals depend on us for our wisdom. Our lives have meaning.  That is more than most have.  When the khals meet for the Khalar Vezhven tomorrow night, I hope they let you live out your days with us. The other possibilities are not so pleasant.  I need to make water.  You cant run from Dothraki. You know this.  I will never run from Dothraki.  Go, show her. The Lhazareen woman takes DAENERYS outside the temple. They walk together.  I needed fresh air. The old women stink.  They do stink.  You must have been very young when your Khal died.  Sixteen.  Too bad he didnt die sooner. DAENERYS and the Lhazareen woman smile at each other.  Yes, too bad. The pair round a bend to a secluded desert outcropping.  Is it true you have three dragons?  Mm-hmm.  And they breathe fire?  They do. Would you like to see them one day?  I am Dosh Khaleen. I can never leave Vaes Dothrak, until I rise as smoke from the pyre on the day I die. DAARIO grabs the Lhazareen woman from behind, covers her mouth, and places his dagger against her neck. JORAH is standing behind DAARIO.  No, dont hurt her.  Shell give us away.  We have to go now. DAENERYS grabs DAARIOs dagger-carrying hand, and he drops it away from the Lhazareen womans neck.  We will never get out of Vaes Dothrak alive.  All we can do is try.  No. We can do more than that. And youre going to help me. DAENERYS looks at the Lhazareen woman.  And you...Have faith in me, Khaleesi. Do not betray me. The Lhazareen woman nods. DAENERYS looks at DAARIO. DAARIO slowly removes his hand from her mouth. MARGAERY is sitting in the corner of her cell. SEPTA UNELLA enters, then guides MARGAERY out into the prayer room where the HIGH SPARROW waits. MARGAERY walks into the room and shields her eyes from the sunlight. SEPTA UNELLA pushes MARGAERY to her knees, then exits.  If I were to let you leave right now, where would you go? What would you seek out?  Id go to my brother, my husband, my family.  Of course, but for you, that means seeking out money, finery, power. Seeking out your family means seeking out sin. Im not maligning you. I sought those things out, too. To the exclusion of all else. My father was a cobbler. He died with I was young and I took over his shop. He was a simple man and he made simple shoes. But I found that the more work I put into my shoes, the more people wanted them. Fine leather, ornamentation, detailing, and time. Time most of all. Dozens of hours spent on a single pair.  Quality takes time.  Yes. I imagine youve worn a year of someones life on your back. The highborn liked to cover their feet with my time and they paid well for the privilege. I used their money to buy a taste of their lives for myself. Each time I indulged, I felt myself ascending to something better.  And one day you walked through a graveyard and realized it was all for nothing and set out on the path to righteousness. Book of the Stranger, verse 25.  You know The Seven-Pointed Star.  Septa Unella reads it to me. At me.  Yes, yes, she does enjoy reading at people. Youre close. But it wasnt a graveyard. It was a feast. I bought old fine wine and young pretty girls and invited my friends to come share it all. We passed around the wine, passed around the women, and soon we fell into a stupor. I woke before dawn. I could barely stand. Everyone else was asleep on the couches or on the floor, lying in heaps next to their fine clothes. The truth of their bodies laid bare. I could smell them beneath the incense and the perfume and the fine food that had already started to turn. And I saw it with perfect clarity. I saw what my sins were. The gold I had, the wine I drank, the women I used, my ceaseless struggle to maintain my position. It was all part of a story. A story I was telling myself about who I was. A collection of lies that would disappear in the light. The people I was trying to climb away from, the beggars in the street, the poor, they were closer to the truth than I ever was.  So what did you do?  I left to go and find them. I didnt even put on my shoes. I walked out the door and never went back. The HIGH SPARROW stands and extends his hand out to MARGAERY.  Come, lets go and see him.  Who?  Your brother. MARGAERY enters her brothers cell. The door closes and locks behind her. Loras is lying on the floor.  Loras. Loras. MARGAERY helps LORAS to his knees. He cries.  Listen to me. You need to stay strong.  I cant stay strong. I never was strong.  You are strong. You are the future of our house, the future of our family.  I dont care about that.  Shh. Have you -- have you told them that? That you dont care?  I just want it to stop. Help me.  They want me to help you. They want me told help tear you down. Thats why hes letting me see you, I know it is. And if either of us give in to what they want, then they win.  Let them win. Just make it stop. Please. LORAS begins sobbing. MARGAERY embraces him.  All right. CERSEI is walking down the hall to TOMMENs chamber. She hears MAESTER PYCELLE talking.  And now, how to avert disaster with our current predicament. This High Sparrow. I have dealt with fanatics of every description, Your Grace. Not setting them off, thats the most important thing. You are beset with enemies both within and without. CERSEI enters the room  What are you doing here?  I am advising the king on our current predicament.  Leave.  I am a member of the Small Council. The kings small --  Is this a Small Council meeting?  Obviously not. Im here to lend my wisdom and my support.  Thank you for your counsel, Grand Maester. That will be all for now.  Your Grace. MAESTER PYCELLE hobbles towards the door. As he leaves, he flashes CERSEI a smile. CERSEI closes the door.  Since Ive missed the past several Small Coucil meetings, I wanted to speak to you about a few things.  Ive been thinking about the High Sparrow.  As have we all, unfortunately.  We need to be careful in dealing with such a man. To prevent things from escalating any further. We have to be careful not to antagonize him. He has Margaery. We cant put her at risk. Hes dangerous. CERSEI takes TOMMEN by the chin.  Look at me. What did they do to me? To the kings own mother? TOMMEN looks down.  Its all right. It's done. Its in the past. And of course Margaerys safety is paramount.  You dont like Margaery, do you?  Whether I like her or not is completely unimportant. Margaery is the queen. Queens must command respect. Kings even more so. Not just for their own sake, but for everyones. The High Sparrow has no respect for kings or queens. No respect for anything in this world. He has no use for the things of this world. He want to knock them down and replace them with what? With fantasies. With beggars in the street. With nothing.  Mother...theres something I want to tell you. Something the High Sparrow told me.  Youve spoken with him?  I promised him I wouldnt tell anyone. If he found out I told --  It would be a breach of confidence which he would not take lightly, given his constant prattling about the truth. I am your mother. You can always trust me. KEVAN and LADY OLENNA are waiting in the Small Council chamber for the meeting to start. CERSEI and JAIME enter.  The Small Council meeting has been postponed on the kings orders. KEVIN and LADY OLENNA stand up.  I would have thought we were perfectly clear the first time. Youre not welcome.  You once spoke of your respect for our father because he understood the necessity of working with ones rivals.  My dear, you have been stripped of your dignity and authority, publicly shamed, and confined to the Red Keep. Whats left to work with?  Cersei is the mother of the king. She has the kings ear and his trust. And the king has been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.  The High Sparrow seized power knowing full well we'd bicker amongst ourselves instead of seizing it back. Here we are. Well done to us. Now the future of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands. In a few days, hell have a trial for me. But before that, Queen Margaery will make her walk of atonement. Yes, Margaery will repent her sins before the good people of the city.  Oh, no. That cannot happen. That will not happen.  I agree.  Youve got the second largest army in Westeros. You'll bring them into the city, stop queen Margaerys humiliation before it starts, and take her back into Crown custody.  The king has ordered me to take no action against the High Sparrow or the Faith Militant out of fear for the queens safety.  Youll take no action at all. When the Tyrell armies come, you will stand down. Are you expressly forbidden from standing down?  No, but if the king should call on me --  The whole thing will be over before anyone can call on you to do anything. When the High Sparrow is in custody or dead, preferably, and Margaery's back at Tommens side, do you think the king will be angry at the outcome?  You hate these fanatics as much as we do. You hate what theyve done to your son. Do you want Lancel back or have you given him up for good?  Of course I want him back.  Then stand aside and let the people that took him from you be destroyed.  If it doesnt go as planned, the Sparrows have many friends in the city. Well have civil war. Many will die.  Many will die no matter what we do. Better them than us. THEON approaches Pyke Castle by boat. THEON enters. YARA is sitting by the fire.  They told me you were home and I didnt believe it. Theon Greyjoy? I said. Hes dead. Hes been dead a long time." He let you go?  I escaped. YARA turns and looks at THEON.  I cant hear you.  I escaped. YARA stands up and then walks towards THEON.  Look at me. Look at me! Men died trying to rescue you. Good men. My men.  Im sorry.  You were my brother. Youre a spoiled little cunt, but you were my brother and I risked everything for you and you betrayed me.  I know. I know and Im sorry.  Stop saying that.  He broke me. He broke me into a thousand pieces.  I know.  You dont know.  He send us one of those pieces. Thats why I came for you. THEON sobs.  Why did you come here?  Where else could I go?  You heard father was dead and thought youd claim the crown?  No, no. I only heard he died after we docked.  You happen to show up on Pyke right before the Kingsmoot?  I didnt know.  You think any Ironborn wants you to be king? After what youve done?  I dont want to be king.  What do you want?  I shouldve listened to you. Youre the only one --  That doesnt matter anymore. Stop crying. Look at me. Tell me what you want.  You should rule the Iron Islands. Let me help you. RAMSAY peels an apple with a knife. The door opens. A guard ushers OSHA into the room. RAMSAY nods. The guard leaves and closes the door.  They've cleaned you up nicely. You know who I am?  A lord?  Yes. A lord. Youve seen my banners?  The flayed man.  Does that worry you at all?  You eat them after?  No.  Then Ive seen worse. RAMSAY peels the skin of the apple and puts it on the table with the knife. OSHA looks at the knife. RAMSAY waves for OSHA to come to him. She walks towards him.  You served the Starks?  Aye. They put me in chains and put a sword at my throat, so Ive served them.  The Starks have been gone for a long time, but you kept protecting Rickon.  He'd fetch a good price to the right buyer. I served his family a long time. Didnt get no wages. Way I see it, Im owed.  Be that as it may, Rickon's not yours to sell anymore. Hes mine. So what use could I possibly have for you?  I can give you what you want.  Are you sure you know what that is? OSHA comes closer and sits down on his lap. They kiss.  Same thing men always want. And when they really want it, they give it a bath first. OSHA slowly begins to reach for the knife on the table.  Youre a good talker. RAMSAY grabs OSHA by her hair and yanks her head back.  I like that. RAMSAY kisses OSHA'S neck. She reaches into his pants.  Youre a much better talker than Theon Greyjoy.  That so?  I had to work hard to get him talking. But he talked. They all do. OSHA's hand inches closer to the knife.  He told me everything. All about the Stark boys. Who helped them escape, and how she did it. OSHA gets up and tries to stab RAMSAY with the knife, but RAMSAY stabs her in the neck first. She falls on the ground, with blood running from her neck. She dies. RAMSAY cleans his knife and continues to peel the apple. He bites a piece.  Open the gate! The gate opens and a knight from the Bolton family enters. SANSA, JON SNOW, BRIENNE, TORMUND, and DOLOROUS EDD are eating at a table. SANSA looks at the meat on her fork. JON SNOW, DOLOROUS EDD, and TORMUND eat vigorously. BRIENNE looks around at the men eating. TORMUND stares intently at BRIENNE. BRIENNE looks away. TORMUND smiles. DOLOROUS EDD notices their interaction.  Sorry about the food. Its not what were known for.  Thats all right. There are more important things. A Night's Watchman enters the room and holds out a scroll to JON SNOW.  A letter for you, Lord Commander.  Im not Lord Commander anymore. JON SNOW takes the letter. The man leaves. JON SNOW sees the seal of House Bolton. He opens the scroll and starts reading.  "To the traitor and bastard Jon Snow. You allowed thousands of wildlings past the Wall. You have betrayed your own kind. You have betrayed the North. Winterfell is mine, bastard. Come and see. Your brother Rickon is in my dungeon. JON SNOW looks at SANSA.  His direwolf's skin is on my floor. Come and see. I want my bride back. Send her to me, bastard, and I will not trouble you or your wildling lovers. Keep her from me and I will ride north and slaughter every wildling man, woman, and babe living under your protection. You will watch as I skin them living. You --  Go on.  It's just more of the same. JON SNOW puts the letter away, but SANSA takes it and continues reading.  "You will watch as my soldiers take turns raping your sister. You will watch as my dogs your wild little brother. Then I will spoon your eyes from their sockets and let my dogs do the rest. Come and see. Ramsay Bolton, Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North.  Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North.  His father's dead. Ramsay killed him. And now he has Rickon.  We dont know that.  Yes, we do.  How many men does he have in his army?  I heard him say 5,000 once when he was talking about Stanniss attack.  How many do you have?  That can march and fight? 2,000. The rest are children and old people.  You're the son of the last true Warden of the North. Northern families are loyal. Theyll fight for you if you ask. SANSA takes JON SNOW's hand.  A monster has taken our home and our brother. We have to go back to Winterfell and save them both. JON SNOW nods. All the khals are gathered in council. They speak in Dothraki.  It is forbidden to spill blood in the sacred city. It is forbidden to carry weapons in the sacred city.  So we dont spill blood.  Well theres always a little blood.  Someone crushed his head with a rock.  Aggo belonged to my khalaser. He served me well. He got his head smashed in by a rock. Fuck Aggo. KHAL #1 sits down.  Bring in Drogos widow. DAENARYS enters, ushered by the Lhazareen woman and the leader of the Dosh Khaleen. The khals bow their heads.  Who cares about her? Shes a midget.  I like her.  Shes paler than milk.  Id like to know what a khaleesi tastes like.  Good. You can suck my dick. The Khals laugh.  She belongs with the Dosh Khaleen.  The Wise Masters of Yunkai want her. Theyre offering ten thousand horses In exchange. What's worth more, one pink little girl or ten thousand horses?  Fuck the Wise Masters in their perfumed asses. Ill take their horses for myself.  Dont you want to know what I think? All the khals raise their heads and stare at DAENERYS  Youd rather be sold to slavery? Or maybe youd like to show Rhalko here what you taste like?  No. I dont want either of those things.  We dont care what you want. This is the Temple of the Dosh Khaleen. You have no voice here, unless you are Dosh Khaleen. Which you are not, until we decide you are.  I know where I am. I have been here before. This is where the Dosh Khaleen pronounced my child the Stallion Who Mounts the World.  And what happened? You trusted a sorceress, like a fool. Your baby is dead because of you. And so is Khal Drogo.  This is where Drogo promised to take his khalasar west to where the world ends. To ride wooden horses across the Black Salt Sea as no khal has done before. He promised to kill the men in their iron suits and tear down their stone houses. He swore to me before the Mother of Mountains.  And you were dumb enough to believe him?  And here, now, what great matters do the Great Khals discuss? Which little villages youll raid, how many girls youll get to fuck, how many horses youll demand in tribute. You are small men. None of you are fit to lead the Dothraki. But I am. So I will. The khals laugh.  All right. No Dosh Khaleen for you. Instead well take turns fucking you. And then well let our bloodriders fuck you. KHAL MORO stands.  And If theres anything left of you, well give our horses a turn. You crazy cunt. Did you really think we would serve you? DAENERYS lays her hand on a fire pit.  Youre not going to serve. Youre going to die. DAENERYS knocks down all the fire pits one by one. The khals cower away from the flame. The flame begins to cover the entire temple. The khals run to the door and try to escape, but the door has been barred. JORAH and DAARIO watch the temple burning from the outside. The Dothraki people gather around the burning temple. DAENERYS grabs the final fire pit and knocks it in KHAL MORO's direction. The fire engulfs the entire temple and kills all the khals. DAENERYS walks out of the fire, unharmed and naked. All the Dothraki bow to DAENERYS. JORAH and DAARIO walk up to the steps burning temple. JORAH bows to DAENERYS. DAARIO stares at her and then bows. Pan down from the inside of The Wall towards Castle Black. GHOST is howling. Slow zoom to JON SNOWs body, lying in the snow. A sign with the word TRAITOR is posted on a beam behind him. Closeup on JON SNOW. He is staring upwards, lifelessly. GHOST howls louder and pushes against the door to his pen. DAVOS hears GHOSTs howling and exits, then peers across the courtyard and sees JON SNOWs body. He immediately runs down the steps. He slows as he approaches JON SNOWs body. Other brothers of the Nights Watch approach. DAVOS kneels beside JON SNOWs body.  Its the Lord Commander! DOLOROUS EDD and other Nights Watchmen rush up behind DAVOS.  Help me get him inside. The other Nights Watch brothers pick up JON SNOWs body and carry it away. DAVOS remains, staring at the left over pool of blood. DOLOROUS EDD wipes the table clean. The other Nights Watch brothers place JON SNOWs body on the table. DOLOROUS EDD places his hand on JON SNOWs wounds, then brushes JON SNOWs eyes closed.  Thorne did this.  How many of your brothers do you think you can trust?  Trust? The men in this room.  Does the wolf know you? DOLOROUS EDD looks at DAVOS over his shoulder and nods.  We need all the help we can get. As DOLOROUS EDD moves towards the door, someone knocks on it. The Nights Watch brothers draw their blades.  Ser Davos. DOLOROUS EDD looks over his shoulder at DAVOS. DAVOS nods. The Nights Watch brothers sheathe their swords. DOLOROUS EDD walks to the door and opens it. MELISANDRE enters. DOLOROUS EDD closes the door behind her. MELISANDRE is distressed at the sight of JON SNOWs body.  I saw him in the flames, fighting at Winterfell.  I cant speak for the flames, but hes gone. MELISANDRE touches JON SNOWs cheek. ALLISER THORNE sits at the high table among the other leaders of the Nights Watch. The rest of the Nights Watch brothers are shouting at each other.  He was our Lord Commander!  He never should have been! ALLISER THORNE pounds his fist three times on the high table, then stands. The room quiets.  You all know why youre here. Jon Snow is dead.  Who killed him?  I did. The Nights Watch brothers resume shouting.  And Bowen Marsh and Othell Yarwyck and the other officers in this castle.  Murderers!  Traitors! The shouting resumes. OLLIE walks up beside the high table. ALLISER THORNE pounds the high table again.  Youre right! The shouting stops.  Weve committed treason, all of us. Jon Snow was my Lord Commander. I had no love for him. That was no secret. But I never once disobeyed an order. Loyalty is the foundation on which the Nights Watch is built, and the Watch means everything to me. I have given my life, we have all given our lives to the Nights Watch. Jon Snow was going to destroy the Nights Watch. He let the wildlings through our gates, as no Lord Commander has ever done before. He gave them the very land on which they reaved and raped and murdered. Lord Commander Snow did what he thought was right, Ive no doubt about that. And what he thought was right would have been the end of us. He thrust a terrible choice upon us, and we made it. The men begin to murmur among themselves. GHOST nudges JON SNOWs hand and whimpers.  Hell have seen we didnt come. Thorne will have made it official by now. Castle Black is his.  I dont care whos sitting at the high table. Jon was my friend, and those fuckers butchered him. Now we return the favor.  We dont have the numbers.  We have a direwolf.  Its not enough. I didnt know Lord Commander Snow for long, but I have to believe he wouldnt have wanted his friends to die for nothing.  If you were planning to see tomorrow, you picked the wrong room. We all die today. I say we do our best to take Thorne with us when we go.  We need to fight, but we dont need to die. Not if we have help.  Whos gonna help us?  Youre not the only ones who owe your lives to Jon Snow. DOLOROUS EDDs washes over with realization. He turns to the Nights Watchman at his side.  Bolt the door. Dont let anyone in. Ill be back as soon as I can. DOLOROUS EDD leaves through the door. Two men sit on horses on a hill outside Winterfell. They carry flags bearing the flayed man sigil of House Bolton.  She was 11 the first time I saw her. MYRANDAs body lies on a table.  The kennelmasters daughter. She smelled of dog. I wasnt much older, but everybody was already afraid of me. You certainly were. RAMSAY turns and looks at MAESTER WOLKAN, then looks back at MYRANDAs body..  Myranda wasnt, though. What could I do to her that those hounds couldnt? She was fearless. There was nothing she wouldnt do. RAMSAY stands and places his hand on MYRANDAs forehead.  Your pain will be paid for a thousand times over. I wish you could be here to watch. RAMSAY looks as though he is going to cry.  Shall I have a grave dug for her, my lord? Or would you rather the men build a pyre?  Buried, burned? RAMSAY walks past MAESTER WOLKAN as he exits the room.  This is good meat. Feed it to the hounds. RAMSAY is walking with ROOSE.  Your command of the cavalry was impressive. Thanks to you, the false king Stannis Baratheon is dead. Do you know who struck the killing blow?  No.  A shame. Id reward the man. Still, a great victory. Do you feel like a victor? RAMSAY and ROOSE stop walking. RAMSAY looks back over his shoulder at ROOSE.  I rebelled against the crown to arrange your marriage to Sansa Stark. Do you think that burning wagons in the night and mowing down tired, outnumbered Baratheons is the same as facing a prepared and provisioned Lannister army?  No. ROOSE walks past RAMSAY into Winterfells great hall.  A reckoning will come. We need the North to face it. The entire North. They wont back us without Sansa Stark. We no longer have Sansa Stark. You played your games with her. You played your games with the heir to the Iron Islands and now theyre both gone.  I have a team of men after them with some of my best hounds. They wont get far.  Im glad to hear it. Without Sansa, you wont be able to produce an heir. And without an heir, well ROOSE sits at the dinner table. RAMSAY stares at him, astonished.  ...lets hope the maesters are right and Lady Walders carrying a boy. SANSA and THEON are running through the woods frantically. The barking of dogs can be heard in the distance. SANSA tires. THEON runs back to hear and pulls her onward.  We cant stop. The pair resume running. They happen upon a large, snowy river.  We have to cross here. SANSA steps on a patch of thin ice and gasps.  I cant.  Its the only way to throw off the hounds.  But its too cold. I cant. I wont make it. Ill die.  Ive seen what his hounds do to a person. This way is better. THEON guides SANSA into the water. SANSA gasps at the cold. The both wade across. THEON and SANSA are walking together. They are blue with cold. Barking can no longer be heard. THEON spots something off camera.  Over here. Come on. THEON leads SANSA to an overturned tree. Its roots provide shelter from the snow. They sit down under the roots, shivering.  Sansa. Sansa. THEON wraps his arms around SANSA. She rests her head on his shoulder and closes her eyes. Dogs barking can suddenly be heard closeby.  Stay here. Ill lure them away.  No, I wont make it without you.  You will. Go north, only north. Jon is Lord Commander at Castle Black. Hell help you. THEON runs into the woods but is immediately confronted by House Bolton soldiers and hounds.  Where is Lady Bolton?  Dead.  Liar.  She broke her leg jumping from the ramparts. I left her to die in the snow. The dogs catch SANSAs scent and begin barking. They lead the soldiers to SANSA under the roots of the tree. SANSA cowers from them.  I cant wait to see what parts Ramsay cuts off you this time. One of the soldiers grabs SANSA and pulls her to her feet. A horse whinnies in the distance. The soldiers draw their weapons. BRIENNE and PODRICK ride towards the soldiers with their sword drawn.  Its a bloody woman. BRIENNE cuts down BOLTON OFFICER as she rides past. PODRICK engages one of the soldiers in mounted combat. BRIENNE faces off with another mounted soldier. Their blades clash, but neither is hit. As BRIENNE rides past him, another soldier knocks her from her horse. She drops her blade but scrambles to retrieve it when she sees a soldier advancing towards her on foot. When she reaches the blade, the soldier kicks her. She retrieves the blade again and stands, engaging him in a swordfight. She cuts him down. A mounted soldier charges at BRIENNE. She jumps and strikes him, causing his horse to fall over, trapping him beneath it. While PODRICK continues his mounted sword fight, THEON grabs the blade of a fallen soldier off the ground. PODRICK cuts down the soldier he is fighting and they both fall from their horses. Another soldier advances on PODRICK, and they begin fighting. BRIENNE crawls over to the man trapped beneath his horse and slits his throat with a dagger. The soldier PODRICK is fighting knocks PODRICKs sword out of his hand. PODRICK falls to the ground. Just before the soldier is about to strike PODRICK, THEON stabs the soldier from behind. PODRICK stands up. BRIENNE walks over to SANSA. SANSA stands up to confront her. BRIENNE places her blade on the ground in front of SANSA and kneels before her.  Lady Sansa, I offer my services once again. I will shield your back and keep your council and give my life for yours if need be. I swear it by the old gods and the new. SANSA turns at looks at THEON for confirmation. THEON nods his head.  And I vow...that you shall always have a place by my hearth and  Meat and mead at my table.  Meat and mead at my table. And I pledge to ask no service of you that might bring you dishonor. I swear it by the old gods and the new. Arise. BRIENNE stands up. SANSA smiles at BRIENNE. A ship with sails bearing the sun and spear sigil of House Martell approaches the Red Keep. CERSEI is sitting in the dark by a table. The door to her chamber opens and a handmaiden enters.  Your Grace, Im sorry to disturb you. A ship from Dorne has sailed into the harbor. CERSEI smiles.  Myrcella CERSEI runs through the courtyard and out to the harbor. She descends the steps to the harbor where a small boat is coming to shore. Her smile fades. As the small boat gets closer to shore, it is revealed to be carrying JAIME and a casket. CERSEI begins to tear up. JAIME is standing on the balcony, looking out. A bell tolls in the background. JAIME turns and looks back into CERSEIs room, then enters it.  Do you remember the first time you saw a dead body?  Mother.  All I could think about when she died was what would happen to her now. Every day, every night, what does Mama look like now? Has she started to bloat? Has her skin turned black? Have her lips peeled back from her teeth? CERSEI begins to tear up.  I think about locking Myrcella in a crypt. JAIME walks over to CERSEI and kneels in front of her.  I think about her beautiful little face starting to collapse.  Shh, shh. Dont think about it.  I have to. I have to. Its not right she has to suffer alone.  Shes not suffering. Shes gone. No one can hurt her anymore.  She was good. From her first breath, she was so sweet. I dont know where she came from. She was nothing like me. No meanness, no jealous, just good.  I know.  I thought if I could make something so good, so pure...maybe Im not a monster.  Listen -- listen to me. She was my daughter and I failed her.  No, I knew this would happen. The witch told me years ago. She promised me three children. She promised me theyd die. And gold their shrouds. Everything she said came true. You couldnt have stopped it. Its prophecy. Its fate.  You dont believe that.  Of course I do. You told me yourself when Father died. You said we had to stay together. You said people would try to tear us apart, take whats ours. That was a prophecy, too. I didnt listen to you, and everything you said came true. JAIME places his hand on CERSEIs cheek..  Fuck prophecy. Fuck fate. Fuck everyone who isnt us. Were the only ones who matter, the only ones in this world. And everything theyve taken from us, were going to take back and more. JAIME embraces CERSEI.  Were going to take everything there is. SEPTA UNELLA is reading scripture to MARGAERY.  The Seven Hells brim with the souls of saintly men. They scream in agony and their shame is so great, they do not feel the flames, for now they see if not for a single sin they concealed, they were saved.  Id like to see my brother.  Confess.  Please. How is he? At least tell me that.  Confess.  I am the queen and I demand to see my brother.  Sinners dont make commands. They make confessions. SEPTA UNELLA slams the scripture book closed and approaches MARGAERY aggressively. The door opens and HIGH SPARROW enters.  Septa Unella. HIGH SPARROW sighs.  Our other guests need you. SEPTA UNELLA exits. HIGH SPARROW walks over to MARGAERY and gently pulls her hair away from her face.  There. MARGAERY looks up at HIGH SPARROW.  Septa Unella can be overzealous at times. Ill speak with her.  My brother, can you tell me how he is? HIGH SPARROW sits on a stool beside MARGAERY.  It isnt Ser Loras that brings me here. Your husband misses you dearly. The love between a man and wife is sacred. It reflects the love the gods have for all of us. But sin leads us away from the sacred. And only confession can purge sin.  I have nothing to confess.  So you believe you are pure? Perfect? Wholly without sin?  None of us are.  You have started down the path. But you have many miles to go.. HIGH SPARROW exits. MARGAERY hugs her knees. ELLARIA is assisting DORAN to his wheelchair. They are accompanied by TYENE, AREO, and several guards.  I always envied Oberyn. He lived. He truly lived. Sailed around the world. Fought men from every country. Lay with the most beautiful women alive.  And men.  And men. He experienced everything, while I sat here in Dorne trying my best to keep my people alive and well fed. But that is life. We each have our roles. DORAN sits in his wheelchair. ELLARIA places a pillow behind him.  Oberyn was born to be an adventurer. And I was born to rule.  The gods are not fools. You would have been a lousy adventurer. And Oberyn, pfft, he would have been a terrible ruler. A maester approaches.  Your mother is a brilliant woman, you know that?  Prince Doran. The maester bows and hands DORAN a scroll. DORAN unravels and reads it.  The Princess Myrcella TYENE produces a dagger from her boot and stabs AREO in the back, killing him. ELLARIA produces a dagger of her own and stabs DORAN in the chest. The maester tries to run away, but TYENE retrieves her dagger from AREOs body and throws it into the back of the maesters neck, killing him. ELLARIA removes her dagger from DORANs chest and pushes him to the ground. The remaining guards do nothing.  When was the last time you left this palace? You dont know your own people. Their disgust for you. Elia Martell raped and murdered, and you did nothing. Oberyn martell butchered, and you did nothing. Youre not a Dornishman. Youre not our prince. DORAN is bleeding out on the ground. He gasps for air.  My son Trystane ELLARIA scoffs.  Your son is weak just like you. And weak men will never rule Dorne again. DORAN dies. TRYSTANE is painting an eye on a stone. OBARA and NYMERIA enter. TRYSTANE does not look at them.  I told you Im not hungry.  Were not here to feed you. TRYSTANE stands and turns around to look at them.  Were here to kill you. OBARA walks to the opposite side of the room. NYMERIA remains by the door. TRYSTANE reaches for his sword.  You want her to do it or me?  We are family. I dont want to hurt you.  Her or me? TRYSTANE draws his blade and points it at NYMERIA.  Good.  Smart boy. TRYSTANE steps between the two women, readying himself to fight NYMERIA. OBARA stabs him through the back of his head with her spear.  Youre a greedy bitch, you know that? OBARA and NYMERIA exit. TYRION and VARYS are walking through the streets together.  Were never going to fix whats wrong with this city from the top of an 800-foot pyramid. VARYS looks over his shoulder at a passing commoner.  Well be fine. Were dressed like common merchants.  You walk like a rich person.  Youve spent a lot of time studying the way rich people walk?  You walk as though the paving stones were your personal property. I used to steal from people like you when I was a boy.  Its a good thing youre not a boy anymore...because you have no cock. A woman is lying in the street holding a baby. TYRION and VARYS approach.  For your baby. To eat. The woman cowers away from TYRION.  She thinks you want to eat her baby. VARYS kneels.  His Valyrian is terrible. He only wants to give you money, so your baby can eat. VARYS hands the woman money. She gestures at them to thank them, and they walk on. They walk into a courtyard where KILL THE MASTERS is written in red on a wall. Beneath it, MHYSA IS A MASTER, is written.  Mhysa means mother in Valyrian.  I know what mhysa means.  Who wrote it?  Hard to know. Our queen is not as popular in Meereen as she used to be.  The Sons of the Harpy?  Very possibly. Daenerys Targaryen took away their most valuable property, told them human beings werent even property to begin with. You can see why theyre unhappy. Of course, it could also be the freed men. TYRION and VARYS enter a chamber where a red priest is preaching to a group of listeners.  For the night is dark and full of terrors.  The Lord of Light sent the Mother of Dragons to you, and those who love the darkness chased her away.  Many of the former slaves feel that Daenerys has abandoned them.  She did fly away on a dragon and not come back.  How will you respond? Will you wring your hands, while you wait for the Mother of Dragons to return? Or will you you take up her flames yourselves? Will you fight for your own salvation, now that Queen Daenerys is not here to fight for you?  Its a problem. TYRION and VARYS proceed in a much larger courtyard.  Fear has brought Meereen to a standstill. Whoever you are, wherever you go, someone in this city wants to murder you. We cant fight an enemy we dont know.  The Sons of the Harpy planned their attack in the fighting pits very carefully, which means they take orders from someone.  And have you started looking for that someone?  My little birds have already taken wing. Soon theyll return, singing songs of men in gold masks. Men are shouting in the distance. A bell begins to toll. A flood of people run through an archway on the opposite side of the courtyard toward TYRION and VARYS, then run past them. TYRION and VARYS proceed through the archway and into the harbor. Smoke pours from the burning wreckage of all the ships in the harbor.  Well, we wont be sailing to Westeros anytime soon. JORAH and DAARIO are riding horses across the countryside. Cut to JORAH kneeling. He is lifting the charred skull of a ram. DAARIO remains on his horse.  Goat?  Ram.  You think our friend got him?  Dont know anything else that can melt a rams horn.  Were on the right path, then. JORAH and DAARIO return to their horses. They proceed across the countryside.  Perhaps shes tired of being queen. I dont think she likes it very much.  Shes too smart to like it.  Maybe shes flown somewhere else, somewhere far away from men like us.  Ive been all over the world. Theres no escaping men like us.  Theres no escaping her, eh? You keep coming back. Why?  You know why.  isnt it frustrating wanting someone who doesnt want you back?  Of course it is.  Youre a romantic. I admire that. Sometimes I look at you and I think, So thats what Ill be like when I grow old.  If you grow old.  If I grow old. I hope I do. I want to see what the world looks like when shes done conquering it.  So do I. JORAH stops his horse. DAARIO proceeds ahead. JORAH pulls back his sleeve and looks at the growing patch of Greyscale on his forearm. The men resume riding in unison. They pull up on a circular swathe of horse tracks. There is a smaller circle of untouched grass in the center of the swathe.  Huh, an army?  Not an army. A horde. JORAH dismounts his horse and walks to the circle of untouched grass.  Dothraki? JORAH looks down and sees something in the grass. He bends down and retrieves a ring.  They have her. The Dothraki horde is traveling together in great numbers. DAENERYS is walking beside the horse of two Dothraki bloodriders. DAENERYS trips. BLOODRIDER #1 whips her. Both men laugh. They speak in Dothraki.  Maybe she saw a ghost. My friends mother saw a ghost and her hair turned white.  Pink people are afraid of the sun. It burns their skin. This one stands too long in the sun and her hair goes white.  You think shes got white pussy hair too? You ever been with a girl with white pussy hair?  Only when I was fucking your grandma. BLOODRIDER #1 chuckles and makes a kissing sound at DAENERYS.  Ill ask Khal Moro for a night with you. What do you think?  Pretty eyes, but shes an idiot.  She doesnt have to be smart to get fucked in the ass.  I like to talk when Im finished. Otherwise, we might as well be dogs. The Dothraki folk are tending to their affairs. BLOODRIDER #1 and BLOODRIDER #2 escort DAENERYS to KHAL MOROs tent. KHAL MORO is sitting with his wives and other bloodriders.  For you, my Khal. The white-haired girl we found in the hills. BLOODRIDER #1 pushes DAENERYS towards KHAL MORO. KHAL MORO considers her. The attendants speak in Dothraki.  Look at those lips, blood of my blood.  Blue-eyed women are witches.  It is known.  Cut off her head, before she casts a spell on you. KHAL MORO stands and walks around DAENERYS.  Even if I was blind, Id hear my wives say, Cut off her head and Id know this woman was beautiful. Im glad Im not blind. Seeing a beautiful woman naked for the first time, what is better than that?  Killing another Khal?  Yes, killing another Khal.  Conquering a city and taking her people as slaves, and taking her idols back to Vaes Dothrak.  Breaking a wild horse, forcing it to submit to your will.  Seeing a beautiful woman naked for the first time is among the five best things in life. KHAL MORO grabs DAENERYS by the chest.  Do not touch me. The bloodriders and wives look at each other. KHAL MORO released DAENERYS.  I am Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, the First of Her Name, the Unburnt, Queen of Meereen, Queen of the Andals and the Rhoynar of the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons. KHAL MORO and his bloodriders laugh. He places his hand on the back of DAENERYS head  You are nobody, the millionth of your name, Queen of Nothing, slave of Khal Moro. Tonight I will lie with you, and if the Great Stallion is kind, you will give me a son. Do you understand?  I will not lie with you. And I will bear no children, for you, or anyone else. Not until the sun rises in the west, and sets in the east.  I told you she was a witch. Cut off her head.  I like her. She has spirit.  I was wife of Khal Drogo, son of Khal Bharbo. KHAL MORO takes his hand away from DAENERYS and steps backwards.  Khal Drogo is dead.  I know. I burnt his body.  Forgive me. I did not know. It is forbidden to lie with a Khals widow. No one will touch you. You have my word. KHAL MORO draws his blade and cuts DAENERYS bindings.  If you will escort me back to Meereen, I will see that your khalasar is given a thousand horses, as a sign of my gratitude.  When a Khal dies, there is only one place for his Khaleesi. KHAL MORO sits down.  Vaes Dothrak. The Temple of the Dosh Khaleen.  To live out her days with the widows of dead Khals. It is known. An older man walks through the street carrying a basket. He walks past a beggar. The beggar is revealed to be ARYA. Another man walks up and places a coin in ARYAs beggar bowl.  Thank you. ARYA falls silent and listens to the chatter of the common folk. The waif of the House of Black and White appears carrying two staves.  Are you listening, blind girl? Do you hear them talking? Do any of them talk to you? No. So sad. WAIF holds out one of the staves and throws it at ARYA. ARYA catches it clumsily. WAIF hits ARYA with the other staff, knocking her over.  Stand and fight, blind girl. ARYA stands, holding the staff out in front of her.  I cant see.  Thats your problem, not mine. WAIF strikes ARYA on the leg. ARYA cries out and swings her staff. She misses. WAIF jabs ARYA in the stomach with the end of the staff, then knocks her to the ground. ARYA stands back up and swings her staff. She misses again. WAIF strikes ARYA in the face with her staff twice. The second blow knocks ARYA over. ARYA stands up and swings for a third time. She misses again. WAIF strikes ARYA several more times, then knocks her to the ground again. ARYA tries to get up by leaning on her staff, but WAIF knocks the staff out of her hands.  See you tomorrow. WAIF walks away. ARYA remains on her knees, panting. Several Nights Watch brothers allied to ALLISER THORNE are pointing crossbows at the room that DAVOS and the other Nights Watch brothers allied with JON SNOW are holed up. ALLISER THORNE approaches the door to the room with several men and knocks. The Nights Watch brothers inside draw their sword and GHOST growls. DAVOS stands up and walks to the door. ALLISER THORNE knocks again.  Ser Davos, we have no cause to fight. We are both anointed knights.  Hear that, lads? Nothing to fear.  I will grant amnesty to all brothers who thrown down their arms before nightfall. And you, Ser Davos, I will allow you to travel south, a free man with a fresh horse.  And some mutton. Id like some mutton.  What?  Im not much of a hunter. Ill need some food if Im gonna make it south without starving.  Well give you food. You can bring the Red Woman with you if you like. Or you can leave her here with us, whichever you choose. But surrender by nightfall or this ends with blood.  Thank you, Ser Alliser. Well discuss amongst ourselves and come back to you with an answer. ALLISER THORNE and his men leave.  Boys, Ive been running from men like that ll my life. In my learned opinion, we open that door --  And theyll slaughter us all.  They want to come in, theyre gonna come in.  Aye, but we dont need to make it easy for them.  Edd is our only chance.  Its a sad fucking statement if Dolorous Edd is our only chance.  Theres always the Red Woman.  Whats one redhead gonna do against 40 armed men?  You havent seen her do what Ive seen her do. MELISANDRE is sitting at the edge of her bed by a fire. She looks across the room at a small mirror standing on a table, then walks over to it. MELISANDRE gazes into the mirror, then disrobes. She removes her collar. The gemstone in its center glimmers. She places the collar on the table beside the mirror. The mirrors reflection reveals that her appearance has changed to that of an en extremely elderly woman. MELISANDRE continues to stare at herself in the mirror, then walks back over to the bed and gets under the covers. DAVOS is staring at JON SNOW. JON SNOW slowly sits up on the table, breathing heavily. He turns his head to look at DAVOS. GHOST is standing in front of JON SNOW, also staring at him. JON SNOW looks down at his body and sees his stab wounds. He begins gasping and shaking. DAVOS takes off his cloak and rushes over to JON SNOW. JON SNOW attempts to stand but falters. DAVOS catches JON SNOW and wraps him in his cloak.  Easy, easy. Easy. DAVOS ushers JON SNOW back into a sitting position. MELISANDRE enters and stares at JON SNOW.  What do you remember?  They stabbed me. Olly...he put a knife in my heart. I shouldnt be here.  The lady brought you back. MELISANDRE approaches JON SNOW and kneels in front of him.  Afterwards, after they stabbed you, after you died, where did you go? What did you see?  Nothing. There was nothing at all.  The Lord let you come back for a reason. Stannis was not the prince who was promised, but someone has to be.  Could you give us a moment? MELISANDRE rises and exits the room. DAVOS closes the door behind her, grabs a stool, and sits down in front of JON SNOW.  You were dead. And now youre not. Thats completely fucking mad, seems to me. I can only imagine how it seems to you.  I did what I thought was right. And I got murdered for it. And now Im back. Why?  I dont know. Maybe well never know. What does it matter? You go on. You fight for as long as you can. You clean up as much of the shit as you can.  I dont know how to do that. I thought I did, but...I failed.  Good. Now go fail again. DOLOROUS EDD, TORMUND, the faithful Nights Watch members, and the Wildlings are all gathered in the courtyard, staring up at the entrance to the room JON SNOW was in. JON SNOW emerges on the balcony, supported by DAVOS. He stares out at the crowd, then walks down the steps with the help of DAVOS and begins walking through the crowd. The men on either side part to let him pass. TORMUND walks up the middle to confront JON SNOW.  They think youre some kind of god. The man who returned from the dead.  Im not a god.  I know that. TORMUND moves closer to JON SNOW and whispers in his ear.  I saw your pecker. What kind of god would have a pecker that small? JON SNOW and TORMUND both chuckle and embrace. JON SNOW winces, then spies DOLOROUS EDD and begins walking towards him. They embrace, and JON SNOW winces again.  Your eyes are still brown. Is that still you in there?  I think so. Hold off on burning my body for now. DOLOROUS EDD laughs.  Thats funny. You sure thats still you in there? Both men laugh. A storm is raging, causing rough wind and water to buffet the vessel back and forth. GILLY peers out at the storm through a window in the hull of the ship and smiles. GILLY is sitting on the edge of a cot with LITTLE SAM. Various crewmembers are going about their business. SAMWELL is huddled over a bucket, quivering. He groans and gags. GILLY approaches him.  You all right?  Yes. Yes, Im fine.  Did I ever tell you I used to think the sea was called the see because it was nothing but water as far as the eye could see?  I dont think so.  Sea, see. Theyre spelled different, but they sound the same.  Yeah, they do.  It was before I learned how to read, obviously. SAMWELL scrunches up his face.  Sam, are you going to be sick? SAMWELL shakes his head and then vomits into the bucket. GILLY retrieves a water skin and hands it to SAMWELL. He washes out his mouth with water.  Wont be long. Well be in the south soon. Im excited to see Oldtown. Captain says its the most beautiful city in Westeros. Are you going to vomit again?  No. No, no, no. The Citadel doesnt admit women. There wont be a place for you there or for Little Sam.  I stayed at Castle Black. Theres no women allowed there.  The Citadel isnt Castle Black. I dont have a Jon Snow or a Maester Aemon to help me bend the rules.  Ill stay in Oldtown, then.  By yourself? With a baby and no money? GILLY stands.  So if were not going to Oldtown, where are you taking me?  To my home. Horn Hill. My fathers -- well, my father, but my mothers a kind woman and my sisters lovely. Theyll take care of you both.  Wherever you go, I go, too. Thats what you said. GILLY returns to LITTLE SAM and sits down on the cot. SAMWELL rises and follows her.  I said that because I want you and Little Same to be safe. Thats all I want -- to become a maester so I can help Jon when the time comes so youll be safe  Us and everyone else in the world.  I dont care about them. Well, no, I do, but I dont really. I care about you and him.  I know that, Sam. And he does, too. You're the only one who ever has. GILLY places her hand on SAMWELLs back.  If you think its for the best, we trust you.  Id feel better if you threw something at me and stormed off.  Id never do that to the father of my son. SAMWELL smiles and looks at LITTLE SAM, then vomits into a bucket and coughs. NED STARK rides towards the Tower of Joy with six companions. One of the companions is HOWLAND REED. Two Kingsguard are sitting at the foot of the tower, one of which is ARTHUR DAYNE.When they see the horses approaching, they retrieve their gear and walk out to meet them. BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN are standing on an outcropping, watching events unfold. NED dismounts his horse.  Thats my father.  The man beside him is Howland Reed, Meeras father. The Kingsguard walk past BRAN and THREE-EYED RAVEN.  Ser Arthur Dayne.  The Sword of the Morning.  Father said he was the best swordsman he ever saw. NED and his companions confront the Kingsguard. ARTHUR stabs his sword into the dirt.  Lord Stark.  I looked for you on the Trident.  We werent there.  Your friend the usurper would lie beneath the ground if we had been.  The Mad King is dead. Rhaegar lies beneath the ground. Why werent you there to protect your prince?  Our prince wanted us here.  Wheres my sister?  I wish you good fortune in the wars to come. ARTHUR and the other Kingsguard put on their helmets.  And now it begins. The Kingsguard draw their blades.  No. Now it ends. NED and his men draw their blades and attack. ARTHUR cuts down HOWLAND. The other Kingsguard runs one of NEDs men through with his sword. NED engages in single combat with the other Kingsguard and stabs him through the throat. NED and his three remaining men surround ARTHUR. NED and his men attack all at once, but ARTHUR deflects all of their blows repeatedly, then repositions himself. He kills one of NEDs men with a downward strike from both of his blades. NED and the two remaining men advance on ARTHUR. ARTHUR deflects their blows again and slices the throat of another man, then runs another through with his blade. NED engages ARTHUR in single combat.  Hes better than my father.  Far better.  But Father beat him.  Did he?  I know he did. Heard the story a thousand times. ARTHUR traps NEDs blade and wrenches it from his hands. ARTHUR makes a motion to strike NED down, but HOWLAND stabs ARTHUR in the back. ARTHUR falls to his knees.  He stabbed him in the back. NED retrieves a sword and slashes ARTHUR with it, killing him. A woman screams from the Tower and NED storms towards it.  Whats in the tower?  Thats enough for one day. Well visit again another time.  I want to see where hes going.  Time to go.  Father! NED stops on the stairs and turns around in the direction of BRANs yelling but sees nothing and proceeds up the stairs. BRAN chases after him but is intercepted by the THREE-EYED RAVEN, who touches him on the shoulder. The white leaves BRANs eyes as the vision fades. The THREE-EYED RAVEN is tangled in his roots. A child of the forest looks on. BRAN crawls towards the THREE-EYED RAVEN.  Why did you do that? Take me back there. I want to go back.  No.  He heard me.  Maybe. Maybe he heard the wind.  He heard me.  The past is already written. The ink is dry.  Whats in that tower? I want to go back there.  Ive told you many times, stay too long where you dont belong and you will never return.  Why do I want to return? So I can be a cripple again? So I can talk to an old man in a tree?  You think I wanted to sit here for 1,000 years watching the world from a distance as the roots grew through me?  So why did you?  I was waiting for you.  I dont want to be you.  I dont blame you. You wont be here forever. You wont be an old man in a tree. But before you leave, you must learn.  Learn what?  Everything. DAENERYS is entering Vaes Dothrak with the horde. A mounted Bloodrider ushers her onward with a nudge of his foot.  Hey, Great Khaleesi. Move your ass. DAENERYS approaches a domed structure. KHAL MORO and two of his Bloodriders are waiting for atop their horses.  Welcome home, Khaleesi. Another Bloodrider ushers DAENERYS into the building. Inside, DAENERYS stands in front of a platform atop which a middle-aged Dothraki woman is standing. A group of younger Dothraki women encircle DAENERYS. They speak in Dothraki.  Go. The Bloodriders who ushered DAENERYS in exit. The older Dothraki woman nods to the younger women, who swarm DAENERYS and remove all of her clothing.  What are you doing?! Take your hands off me! I will have your heads! One of the younger woman approaches DAENERYS with a simple brown garment, which DAENERYS takes and wears.  You have made a mistake. One you will regret. I am the wife of the Great Khal.  We know who you are. I remember you eating the stallions heart. Why didnt you come to us after Khal Drogo died?  Because I am Daenerys Stormborn, the Breaker of Chains, the Queen of Meereen and the Mother of Dragons. My place is not here with you.  You were the wife of the Great Khal. You thought he would conquer the world with you at his side. He didnt. I was the wife of the Great Khal. Khal Savo. I thought he would conquer the world with me at his side. Youre young. We were all young once. But we all understand the way things are. You will learn as well, if you are fortunate enough to stay with us.  Where else would I go? Every khaleesi becomes Dosh Khaleen.  Yes. Immediately after the death of their khal. But you went out into the world. That is forbidden. All the khalasars have returned for the Khalar Vezhven. They will decide which cities will be sacked and which tribes will be enslaved. And now they must decide what to do with Khal Drogos silver-haired widow. With luck, your place will be here with us, Mother of Dragons. It is the best you can hope for, now. VARYS is sitting on the steps of the throne, fanning himself. Several Unsullied stand around the perimeters of the room.  I dont know how you stand it in all that leather. Two Unsullied usher a woman into the room.  If we could have the room. All the Unsullied guards exit.  You look lovely today, my dear. You really do. How you climbed all those steps without breaking a sweat.  If youre going to torture me, just call them back and get on with it.  I am not a torturer. VARYS stands.  Though it so often is what people deserve. VARYS approaches the woman.  And it does provide answers. But theyre usually the wrong answers. My job is to find the right answers. Do you know how I do that? I do it by making people happy. Id like to make you happy, Vala. Thats your name, isnt it, Vala? VALA looks away. VARYS chuckles.  Thats all right. I know who you are and what youve done. Youve done a lot. Youve sacrificed your body for a cause, which is more than most people do. And youve helped the Sons of the Harpy murder the Unsullied and the Second Sons.  The Unsullied and the Second Songs are foreign soldiers brought here by a foreign queen to destroy our city and our history.  I understand. Well, that makes perfect sense from your perspective. I have a different perspective, of course. I think its important that you try to see things from my perspective just as I will try to see them from yours. Because that is the only way that I can make you and Dom happy. That is how you pronounce it -- Dom? Im afraid I dont really speak the language. Such a handsome boy. Those big, brown eyes. Good luck keeping the ladies away.  Yes, youre a true liberator, arent you? You wont torture me, youll just threaten my son.  Children are blameless. I have never hurt them. Your boy is in no immediate danger, this I swear to you. But between us, dear, you did conspire to kill the queens soldiers. We both know the penalty for that crime. How will poor Dom get on without his mother? And with his breathing problem.  If I tell you anything, theyll kill me. So either you kill me or they do.  Yes, from your perspective, this is a problem. There is a third option, though. A ship leaving tomorrow for Pentos. Ive already booked passage for a woman and her young son. Ill even throw in a bag of silver to help you start again. VARYS kicks a large brown bag at his feet.  Though Im afraid well have to ask one of our leather-clad friends back in to carry it. Far too heavy for me. The boat sails at dawn. You need to decide now. A new life for you and Dom or TYRION, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM are sitting together around a table. TYRION smiles at MISSANDEI, and MISSANDEI smiles back. TYRION smiles at GREY WORM, and GREY WORM remains expressionless.  What should we do while we wait? To pass the time, what should we do? What should we talk about? MISSANDEI and GREY WORM look at each other, then at TYRION.  You speak 19 languages. You must occasionally use some of them to talk about things. MISSANDEI says nothing.  You two, you spend a great deal of time together. What would you be talking about if I werent here?  Patrol. When I am going on patrol with the Unsullied. What we see on patrol. Who we captured on patrol.  Thats good. Thats very good. TYRION stands and carries his wine glass over to the decanter to refill it.  But thats a report. I was thinking more of a conversation. A wise man once said the truth history of the world is the history of great conversation in elegant rooms.  Who said this?  Me. Just now. All right, no conversations. Lets play a game. TYRION returns to the table. GREY WORM and MISSANDEI say nothing.  You dont play games, either one of you, ever?  Games are for children.  My master Kraznys would sometimes make us play games.  There, thats a start.  Only the girls.  Oh no, no, no. Not that, of course not that. Innocent games, fun games, drinking games.  We do not drink.  Until you do. GREY WORM and MISSANDEI look interrogatively at TYRION.  Alright. No drinking. We can play without drinking. Its a wonderful game. I invented it. Heres how it works. I make a statement about your past. If Im wrong, I drink. And if Im right -- Maybe we cant play without drinking. VARYS enters the room.  Oh, you took your time.  Sorry. I was busy learning who funds the Sons of the Harpy. Some things you cant rush.  You found out?  The good masters of Astapor. And the wise masters of Yunkai. With help from their friends in Volantis.  You see? You dont even have to worry about the local rebellion. We only have to worry about the three rich foreign cities paying for it.  We conquered Asatapor and Yunkai once. We will do it again and execute the Masters.  If the Unsullied march off to reconquer Asatapor and Yunkai, who remain to defend the free people of Meereen?  If we do not fight them, how can we stop them?  We cannot. The Masters only speak one language. They spoke it to me for many years. I know it better than my mother tongue. If we want them to hear us, we must speak it back to them. May it be the last thing they ever hear. TYRION nods.  You may be right.  So we will fight them?  Possibly.  Possibly?  Its a conversation. TYRION turns to VARYS.  Tell me, can the little birds get a message to the good Masters of Astapor, the wise Masters of Yunkai, the benevolent enslavers of Volantis?  Of course. Man can be fickle, but birds always trust. A group of Varys' child spies are gathered together. One LITTLE BIRD picks up a model of a planet. Another child plays with an hourglass.  Your eye looks much better, Arthur. Hows your mothers jaw?  Better.  And your father?  No ones seen him.  And no one will. That worked out rather nicely.  Will Lord Varys ever come back?  I dont think so. Do you miss him?  He was nice.  He called us his little birds. He gave us sweets. QYBURN stands up and walks to a table.  Its funny you should mention that. Guess what I happened to find today. Candied plums from Dorne. He nods at the boxes. Eeach child picks one. They nibble at the plums.  Now remember, if any of your friends like sweets or need help, they can always come to me. All I need in return are whispers. The door opens. GREGOR walks in, followed by JAIME and CERSEI.  No need to be afraid. This is Ser Gregor. Hes friends with all my friends. GREGOR looks at the children. They stare at him, motionless.  Run along now. The children run up the stairs.  Varys's little birds?  Your little birds now, your Grace. JAIME is admiring GREGOR.  What did you do to him exactly? I haven't been able to get a clear answer.  Oh, a number of things.  Does he understand what were saying? I mean, to the extent that he ever understood complete sentences in the first place. GREGOR turns his head to JAIME. JAIME recoils.  He understands well enough.  So tell him to march into the sept and crush the High Sparrows head like a melon.  The High Sparrow has hundreds of Faith Militant surrounding him. Ser Gregor will cant face them all. And he wont have to. Hell only have to face one.  Has the Faith leveled official charges yet?  Not yet.  That is one trial by combat I look forward to watching.  Dont stop at the city. I want little birds in Dorne, in Highgarden, in the North. If someone is planning on making our losses their gains I want to hear it. If someone is laughing at the queen who walk naked through the streets covered in shit, I want to hear. I want to know who they are. I want to where they are. QYBURN bows his head to CERSEI. KEVAN LANNISTER chairs a meeting of the Small Council. MAESTER PYCELLE, MACE TYRELL and LADY OLENNA have all gathered around him.  As bad as Lord Varys was Varys was, Qyburn is worse. I told them all. I told them. Hes arrogant, dangerous. You dont get thrown out of the Citadel without good reason. And no one listened to my advice, so here we are. JAIME, CERSEI and SER GREGOR enter the room.  And what he's done to Gregor Clegane is an abomination. We never sanctioned this, this experiment. And I for one think it would be in our best interest to have the beast dest -- MAESTER PYCELLE notices the new guests. He farts.  Can I help you?  Why are you here?  My mother...  I was invited, my dear, o help deal with several troublesome issues, such as the queens imprisonment.  Thank you for bringing it up. Its well past time we addressed the abuses I endured.  Margaery is the queen. You are not the queen because youre not married to the king. I do appreciate these things can get a bit confusing in your family.  This is a Small Council meeting. You have no position on the Small Council.  Im Lord Commander of the Kingsguard. The Lord Commander of the Kingsguard does have a position on the Small Council.  Grand Maester Pycelle, would you sanction that statement?  Well, um...I would say Ser Gerold Hightower had a seat on the Mad Kings council. Of course, that was the Mad King. King Robert saw things differently. JAIME pushes two chairs to the table. JAIME and CERSEI sit down. MAESTER PYCELLE keeps his mouth. The members of the Council look at JAIME and CERSEI.  What about Myrcellas death, Uncle? Do you consider the murder of your own blood a troublesome issue?  The same women who murdered Myrcella have overthrown House Martell and taken control of Dorne. We've got a lot to discuss. All of us together.  And seeing as you cannot make us leave, we best get on with it.  No, we cannot make you leave. And you cannot make us stay. Not unless you're gonna have that thing murder us all. One by one, KEVAN LANNISTER, LADY OLENNA and MACE TYRELL leave the room. MAESTER PYCELLE picks up his paperwork and shuffles slowly. He then runs out of the door when SER GREGOR looks at him threateningly. JAIME, CERSEI and SER GREGOR are left alone in the room. The HIGH SPARROW is praying. TOMMEN enters the room with his guards. The HIGH SPARROW stands up.  Oh, your Grace.  My mother would like to see her daughters final resting place.  Oh, I'm, sorry, your Grace. Thats not possible. Not yet.  When will it be possible?  When she's fully atoned for her sins.  Youve cut off her hair and marched her naked through the streets in front of the whole city. That wasnt a full atonement?  No. She must stand trial before seven septons, so we can learn the true extant of her sins.  I want you to let her see Myrcellas resting place. Several Faith Militant gather behind the HIGH SPARROW.  I am the king.  You are.  And what does that mean to you?  It means a great deal to me. The crown and the faith are the twin pillars of the world. Do you know who told me that? Your mother. TOMMEN walks closer to the HIGH SPARROW. He guards tense.  My mother who is unclean? My mother who still needs to atone after all youve put her through? The HIGH SPARROW signs that his guards need to leave. They leave. TOMMEN puts his hand in the air and points to his guards. They leave. HIGH SPARROW closes the book lying on the table behind him.  How do you think the Mother Above first came to us? How did men and women first come to feel the Mothers presence? It was through their own mothers. There is a great deal of falsehood in Cersei, you know that. But when she speaks of you, the Mothers love outshines it all. Her love for you is more real than anything else in this world. Because it doesnt come from this world. But you know that. Youve felt it. Youve seen her when she talks to you.  Yes.  Its a great gift. One I never had. Envy. One more thing for me to atone for. HIGH SPARROW points to a bench in the room.  You Grace, may I? Do you mind? It's my knees.  Of course. HIGH SPARROW sighs and sits down.  When your mother made her walk of atonement, she did it to get back to you.  I still dont understand why you want to put her through any more than she's already endured.  Its not what I want. Its what the gods want. They make their will known to us and its up to us to either accept or reject it. The HIGH SPARROW palms the seat next to him.  Please. TOMMEN sits down next to him.  If were to be just and good, then we accept it, all of us, even kings. A true leader avails himself of the wisest council he can. And no one is wiser than the gods.  My grandfather once said something similar. Except for the part about the gods.  The gods worked through him whether he knew it or not. As they work through your mother. Theres so much good in all of us. The best we can do is to help each other bring it out. The WAIF and ARYA are standing on a raised platform. The WAIF scrapes her staff on the floor around ARYA, then pushes the end of it against ARYA's head. ARYA turns around. The WAIF nudges her and she flinches. Cut to the WAIF and ARYA sitting on the ground across from each other.  Who are you?  No one. The WAIF hits ARYA with a stick. ARYA falls on the ground but gets up.  Who were you before you came here?  Arya Stark. Cut to ARYA and the WAIF on the combat platform. ARYA tries to fight but the WAIF beats her. ARYA falls to the ground. Her mouth's bleeding. Cut back to the WAIF and ARYA sitting across from each other.  Tell me about Arya Starks family.  Her father was Eddard Stark. Her mother was Catelyn Stark. She had one sister, Sansa, and four brothers. The WAIF corrects her with a whip of the stick. Cut to the fighting platform. The WAIF kicks ARYA's staff back into her grasp. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.  Three brothers. Cut back to the fighting platform. As ARYA speaks each of her brothers' names, the WAIF strikes her.  Rob, Bran, Rickon. And a half-brother, Jon.  And where are they now? Cut to ARYA standing in front of a small table. Several bowls are filled with powder. A glass bottle stands behind each bowel.  They may be dead for all a girl knows. ARYA sniffs one of the bowls of powder, then recoils. She sniffs another bowl and wafts the scent with her hand. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.  Tell me about The Hound. Cut back to the fighting platform.  Also dead. ARYA deflects several of the WAIF's blows, but is pushed to the edge of the platform and falls when the WAIF smacks her across the face with her staff.  Arya Stark left him to die. He was on her list. Cut to the pair sitting across from each other. The WAIF smacks ARYA with the stick.  He was not on her list anymore. Shed taken him off it.  Why? Didnt she want him dead any longer? Cut back to the power table.  She did and she did not. ARYA lifts a spoon of the powder to the jar behind it. The Faceless Man, taking on the form of JAQEN H'GHAR, looks on. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.  She sounds confused.  Yes, she was. Cut back to the powder table. ARYA dumps the spoonful of powder in the bottle. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.  Who else was on Arya Starks funny little list? Cut back to the fighting platform. The WAIF beats down ARYA repeatedly until ARYA can no longer get up.  Cersei Lannister, Gregor Clegane, Walder Frey. The WAIF walks away from ARYA, but stops when ARYA begins to stand up. The WAIF turns back to face ARYA.  Thats a short list. That cant be everyone you want to kill. ARYA stands up and holds her staff out at the WAIF. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.  Are you sure youre not forgetting someone?  Which name would you like a girl to speak? Cut back to the fighting platform. ARYA and the WAIF exchange blows, but ARYA knocks back the WAIF. JAQN H'GHAR looks on.The WAIF returns with a heavy blow, but ARYA blocks it. The WAIF walks away. ARYA turns to face JAQEN H'GHAR. ARYA is sitting in front of a fireplace. JAQEN is standing in front of the well in the center of the room.  If a girl tells me her name, I will give her eyes back.  A girl has no name.  Come. ARYA walks to the well. JAQEN gives ARYA a bowl of water. ARYA hesitates to drink it.  If a girl is truly no one, she has nothing to fear. ARYA drinks the water. She closes her eyes. She slowly opens them to reveal the blindness has left them. She looks to JAQEN.  Who are you?  No one. A horse and carriage are toting a few members of House Umber towards Winterfell. RAMSAY and LORD KARSTARK are seated at the dining table. A lady serves them drinks. SMALLJON is standing in front of them.  The Umbers are a famously loyal house.  Famously loyal to the Starks.  And you, Lord Karstark? Your people share blood with the Starks, dont they? But here we are. Times change.  When my father became Warden of the North, your house refused to pledge their banners.  Your father was a cunt.  My beloved father, the Warden --  Your father was a cunt and thats why you killed him. I mightve done the same to my father, if he hadnt have done me the favor of dying on his own.  My father was poisoned by our enemies.  Mmm.  Why have you come to Winterfell, Lord Umber?  The bastard Jon Snow led an army of wildlings past the Wall. Were farther north than any of you fuckers. Wildlings come down, we always have to fight them first. I like fighting wildlings, been doing it all my life. But there are too many of them for us to beat back alone.  So now youve come seeking help?  We need to help each other. The colder it gets, the farther South those goat fuckers will roam. Won't take them long to get here.  You think a horde of wildlings can take Winterfell?  If they get Jon Snow leading them, maybe. He knows this place better than we ever will.  Pledge your banners to House Bolton. Swear loyalty to me as Warden of the North and we will fight together to destroy the bastard and all his wildling friends.  Im not kissing your fucking hand.  Traditionally a bannerman kneels before his lord.  Im not doing that either.  Why would I trust a man who wont honor tradition?  Your father honored tradition. Knelt for Robb Stark. Called him King of the North. Was Robb Stark right to trust your father?  Then it appears we're at a bit of an impasse.  Fuck kneeling and fuck oaths. I've got a gift for you.  A girl, I hope. I prefer redheads. Two hooded people are dragged into the hall.  A girl, aye. A wild one. SMALLJON pulls the hood off one of the people, revealing OSHA. RAMSAY stands up.  I like them wild.  And the boy, nice and young. The way Karstark likes them. LORD KARSTARK stands up. SMALLJON pulls the hood off the other person, revealing RICKON STARK.  Whos this?  Rickon Stark.  How do I know thats Rickon Stark? SMALLJOY retrieves the severed head of Rickon's direwolf SHAGGYDOG and places it on the table. RAMSAY examines the head, looks at SMALLJON, and then smiles at RICKON.  Welcome home, Lord Stark. JON SNOW is sitting by the fireplace. He is looking to the ground. Someone knocks on the door. DOLOROUS EDD walks in.  Its time. JON SNOW gets up, drops his vest with the stab holes in it on the table, and grabs his sword Longclaw. MELISANDRE is standing on a balcony overlooking the courtyard. TORMUND, DAVOS, the wildlings, and the Night's Watch are all in attendance. JON SNOW walks past them, going up the stairs towards the gallows. DOLOROUS EDD accompanies him. BOWEN MARSH, OTHELL YARWICK, ALLISER THORNE, and OLLY are standing on a platform with their hands tied and ropes around their necks. JON SNOW looks up at them.  If you have any last words, now is the time.  You shouldnt be alive. Its not right.  Neither was killing me.  My mother's still living at White Harbor. Could you write her? Tell her I died fighting the wildings.  I had a choice, Lord Commander. Betray you or betray the Nights Watch. You brought an army of wildlings into our lands. An army of muderers and raiders. If I had to do it all over knowing where Id end up, I pray Id make the right choice again.  Im sure you would, Ser Alliser.  I fought, I lost. Now I rest. But you, Lord Snow, youll be fighting their battles forever. JON SNOW looks at OLLY. OLLY stares back at him, unwavering. JON SNOW turns his back and unsheathes Longclaw. He breathes heavily. JON SNOW cuts the rope. The platform is pulled out from under the traitors feet. They are hung. They choke and die. JON SNOW looks at OLLY again. OLLY's face is blue and swollen. JON SNOW sheathes his sword, then walks up to DOLOROUS EDD.  We should burn the bodies.  You should. JON SNOW takes off his cape and hands it to DOLOROUS EDD.  What do you want me to do with this?  Wear it. Burn it. Whatever you want. You have Castle Black. JON SNOW walks down the stairs.  My watch is ended. Everyone in attendance watches JON SNOW walk away. THREE-EYED RAVEN is tangled in the roots of the great weirwood. His eyes are pure white. BRAN is lying below the tangle, gripping a single root. His eyes are also pure white. YOUNG NED and YOUNG BENJEN are sparring with wooden swords in the commons. BRAN and THREE-EYED RAVEN are standing on a balcony above the courtyard, watching. YOUNG NED knocks YOUNG BENJEN to the ground.  Give him another go, Ned. YOUNG NED helps YOUNG BENJEN to his feet.  Thats my father. And my Uncle Benjen.  Keep your shield up or Ill ring your head like a bell. YOUNG NED and YOUNG BENJEN begin sparring again. BRAN looks around the commons at the citizens of Winterfell going about their business.  They were all so happy.  So were you once. YOUNG LYANNA rides into the courtyard on a horse. She circles around YOUNG NED and YOUNG BENJEN.  Stop showing off.  Lyanna!  My Aunt Lyanna. Ive seen her statue in the crypt. My father never talked about her. Closeup on THREE-EYED RAVEN. He turns to look at BRAN, but BRAN has already walked away. BRAN walks closer to the group. YOUNG LYANNA is being helped off her horse by YOUNG HODOR.  Would you get out of here? Were sparring.  Who are you gonna spar with when Ned goes off to the Eyrie?  I dont know. YOUNG LYANNA turns and looks at YOUNG HODOR.  What about him?  Wylis, come here. BRAN turns to look at YOUNG HODOR. THREE-EYED RAVEN reaches BRANs side.  Hodor? YOUNG LYANNA walks over to YOUNG HODOR with a wooden sword and shield.  But hes got giants blood.  And youve got training. Sounds like a fair match to me.  Benjen always lifts his chin when hes about to charge. YOUNG HODOR takes the sword and shield.  And lowers it when hes going to dodge, my lady.  Hodor talks? YOUNG HODOR walks over to YOUNG BENJEN. They both ready to commence sparring, but stop when NAN appears.  You leave the fighting to the little lords, Wylis. Come along, now. Its no place for you. NAN takes YOUNG HODOR by the ear and leads him away.  Oh, Nan, look at the size of him. If he ever learned to fight, hed be unstoppable.  Well, hes never going to learn to fight because hes a stable boy. So leave him be.  It is time to go.  Please, a little longer. THREE-EYED RAVEN touches BRAN on the shoulder. BRAN is released from the vision. He gasps, then lets go of the root. The white fades from his eyes. A CHILD OF THE FOREST is sitting nearby, staring at him. He props himself up on his wrists and looks at THREE-EYED RAVEN.  You finally show me something I care about and then you drag me away.  It is beautiful beneath the sea, but if you stay too long, youll drown.  I wasnt drowning. I was home. CHILD OF THE FOREST and THREE-EYED RAVEN exchange a glance. BRAN turns to HODOR, who is sitting with his back against a wall.  Wylis.  Hodor.  I saw you as a boy. You could talk. What happened?  Hodor.  Wheres Meera?  Hodor. HODOR carries BRAN outside and sets him down in the snow. MEERA is sitting in the snow at the base of the great weirwood, staring out at the tundra.  You shouldnt be here. Its not safe outside the cave.  Its not safe anywhere.  I saw that Hodor wasnt always Hodor.  Hodor.  His real name is Wylis. And he could talk and fight and -- and then -- MEERA turns and looks at BRAN.  Whats wrong? MEERA casts her eyes down and looks away.  The Three-Eyed Raven says theres a war coming.  And were going to fight it in there. MEERA scoffs and turns away. HODOR picks BRAN up and carries him back inside. A side view of MEERA reveals the same CHILD OF THE FOREST who was watching BRAN, sitting among some stones and frozen shrubbery..  Brandon Stark needs you.  For what? I sit in there and I watch him have his visions and nothing ever happens.  He isnt going to stay there forever. And out there he needs you. The Nights Watch members allied to ALLISER THORNE are poised with crossbows pointed at the room DAVOS and the other Nights Watch members faithful to JON SNOW are in. ALLISER THORNE is outside the door to the room, accompanied by several others who are loyal to him. Inside the room, JON SNOWs body remains on the table. DAVOS, the faithfuls, and GHOST are all standing.  Its time, Ser Davos. Open the door and the men inside can rejoin their brothers in peace. Well even set the wolf free north of the Wall where it belongs. Nobody needs to die tonight. DAVOS turns to address the Nights Watch faithfuls.  Ive never been much of a fighter. DAVOS walks over to Longclaw, JON SNOWs sword, and picks it up.  Apologies for what youre about to see. DAVOS unsheathes Longclaw. The faithfuls follow suit, drawing their own blades.ALLISER THORNE turns to address a Nights Watchman.  Come on. The Nights Watchman lifts and large hammer and walks over to the door. He begins slamming the hammer against the door repeatedly. GHOST begins to growl and bark. DAVOS and company ready themselves for battle. After a number of swings, the Nights Watchman with the hammer breaks a hole in the door. A loud thudding can be heard somewhere behind ALLISER THORNE and company. They turn to see what the noise is. The thudding is coming from one of the courtyards main gates. WUN WUN breaks down the gate and the Wildlings led by TORMUND and DOLOROUS EDD rush into the courtyard. The Nights Watch loyal to ALLISER THORNE have bows drawn at the Wildlings but do not fire. They back up slowly.  Attack! ALLISER THORNE draws his sword. A Nights Watchman charged TORMUND. TORMUND cuts him down. The other Nights Watch members do not retaliate.  Fight, you cowards! A Nights Watchman on a balcony shoots WUN WUN in the shoulder with a crossbow bolt. WUN WUN turns to face the man, then grabs him by the legs, slams him against a wall, and tosses his body to the ground in front of ALLISER THORNE. The Nights Watch members allied to ALLISER THORNE begin dropping their weaponry. TORMUND and DOLOROUS EDD approach ALLISER THORNE, swords drawn.  You fucking traitor.  The only traitors here are the ones who shoved their knives into their Lord Commanders heart.  For thousands of years the Nights Watch has held Castle Black against the Wildlings.  Until you. OLLY shouts and charges at TORMUND with his sword. TORMUND grabs OLLY and disarms him, then tosses him to another man who restrains him. Two men take ALLISER THORNE by the arms.  Throw them into the cells where they belong. The men drag ALLISER THORNE, OLLY, and the Nights Watch betrayers away. TORMUND, DOLOROUS EDD, and DAVOS enter the room where JON SNOWs body is. They stare down at him and his wounds.  Took a lot of knives. Ill have my men get the wood for a fire. Bodies to burn. Many male commoners are gathered together at a place for eating. They are all watching one commoner man tell a story.  Right, so there she is, high and mighty Queen Cersei, tits and ass jiggling in the breeze. The commoners laugh.  All of a sudden she looks my way. Gives me a little smile like, Well? So, all right, you know, Ive never been shy and Im blessed down south, so I put it right out. Shes never seen anything like it. I mean, shes used to her brother, and from what I hear, Jaime Lannisters half an inch shy of an inch. She sees it and I swear to the gods she licks her lips. Well, you all know me. You know I wouldnt lie about this. The STORYTELLER walks into a dark alleyway to relieve himself. He is drunk. GREGOR walks up behind him. The STORYTELLER looks up at GREGOR. GREGOR bounces his head off the wall, killing him, then walks away. CERSEI is standing in the center of the room,. She pulls a loose thread from the sleeve of her dress and examines it. GREGOR enters. CERSEI walks past him and exits her chamber. GREGOR follows. When they reach the bottom of the steps, they are confronted by a group of the kings soldiers.  Get out of my way.  Kings orders, Your Grace.  What are the kings orders?  He would like you to remain in the Red Keep, Your Grace, for your own protection.  Youre barring me from attending my own daughters funeral?  Forgive me, Your Grace, by the kings command, I cannot let you pass.  I would like to speak to my son.  He has left the Red Keep, Your Grace. GREGOR grabs the hilt of his sword. The kings soldiers also take hold of their weapons. GREGOR looks at CERSEI. CERSEI turns and walks back up the stairs. GREGOR follows. TOMMEN and JAIME are standing beside the body of MYRCELLA. She has funeral stones over her eyes, with painted eyes on them.  She grew up.  Almost.  Have we caught Prince Trystanes killers? I expect it was Mother.  Your mother wouldnt do that.  Yes, she would.  Are you angry with her?  Of course not.  Then why didnt you let her come? She has every right to be here.  They told me she wouldnt be allowed in the sept. If she had tried --  Theyre not putting your mother in a cell ever again. Not while Im here. Why havent you gone to see her? Everything she endured, she did it for you.  Dont you think I know that? Im sorry. But I cant.  Why not?  When the Faith Militant seized her and Margaery, what did I do? When they paraded her through the streets like a whore, what did I do?  We all fail sometimes.  The king is supposed to be the Protector of the Realm. If I cant even protect my own wife or my own mother, what good am I? The HIGH SPARROW enters the sept. JAIME takes TOMMEN by the shoulder.  Go and see your mother and ask her to forgive you. JAIME and TOMMEN to address the HIGH SPARROW.  Your Grace. Lord Commander.  I want to see my wife.  The gods wait for Queen Margaery to confess her crimes and seek their mercy. The king must wait as well.  Go and see your mother, Tommen. TOMMEN exits.  Youre a bold man.  On the contrary. I fear a great deal. The Father, the Mother, the Warrior. The HIGH SPARROW approaches MYRCELLAs body.  Do you know why we use these stones? To remind us not to fear death. We close our eyes on this world and open them on the next.  You must long for the next life.  In truth, I fear that, too.  You imprisoned and humiliated my sister.  Your sister sought the gods mercy and atoned for her sin.  What about my sins? JAIME approaches the HIGH SPARROW.  I broke a sacred oath and stabbed my king in the back. I killed my own cousin. When the gods judged my brother guilty, I helped him escape their justice. What atonement do I deserve? JAIME grips the hilt of his dagger and partially draws it.  You would spill blood in this holy place?  Oh, the gods wont mind. Theyve spilled more blood than the rest of us combined.  Go on, then. I deserve it. We all do. We are weak, vain creatures. We live only by the Mothers mercy. A great number of the Faith Militant encircle JAIME and the HIGH SPARROW on the steps of the sept.  They should be closer if you mean for them to save you.  I dont. Theyd never reach me before you struck.  Ive fought against worse odds.  No doubt many of us would fall. But who are we, hmm? We have no names, no family. Every one of us is poor and powerless. And yet together, we can overthrow an empire. The HIGH SPARROW walks slowly away from JAIME. CERSEI is looking over the balcony at Kings Landing. TOMMEN enters her chamber.  Mother. CERSEI walks in from the balcony.  Did they put her in the red gown or the gold?  Gold.  Good. It was always her color. CERSEI walks over to a side table and drinks a sip of wine. Her back is facing TOMMEN.  Im sorry for keeping you here. I shouldnt have, but I was -- I didnt want to lose you again.  I understand. Im glad to see you.  I know I should have come sooner. I wanted to. I was wrong.  Its all right.  No, it isnt. CERSEI turns to face TOMMEN.  I should have executed all of them. I should have pulled down the sept onto the High Sparrows head before I let them do that to you, as you would have for me. You raised me to be strong...and I wasnt. But I want to be. Help me.  Always. CERSEI and TOMMEN embrace. The golden statue previously knocked from the top of the pyramid lies in the sand at the foot of the pyramid. TYRION, VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM are gathered together in council. TYRION pours himself a glass of wine. VARYS tsks at him.  If I lost my cock, Id drink all the time. TYRION looks at GREY WORM.  Meaning no offense. He makes dwarf jokes, I make eunuch jokes.  I do not make dwarf jokes.  You think them. VARYS sighs.  So, the fleet. Its been burned.  We are searching for the men who burned the ships, but nobody saw anything.  Surely theres some good news lurking somewhere.  Astapor and Yunkai have stopped asking us for aid.  Perhaps they can tell us their secret.  The Masters have retaken both cities. Outside of Meereen, the whole of Slavers Bay has returned to the slavers.  What about the dragons? We have two of them here beneath the pyramid.  They are not eating. They havent touched any food since Queen Daenerys left.  Daenerys is the dragon queen. Cant very well let the dragons starve, thats obvious.  If a dragon does not want to eat, how do you force him to eat?  Dragons do not do well in captivity.  How do you know this?  Thats what I do. I drink and I know things. TYRION finishes his glass of wine and walks over to the pitcher to pour himself another glass.  The dragons Aegon used to conquer Westeros ranged over hundreds of miles. Then Daeneryss ancestors started chaining them up in pens. A few generations later, the last dragons were no larger than cats. They must be unchained or theyll waste away. Missandei, how many times were you in the company of these dragons?  Many times.  And did they ever harm you?  Never.  Dragons are intelligent. More intelligent than men according to some maesters. They have affection for their friends and fury for their enemies. I am their friend.  Do they know that?  They will. Its time they had their supper. TYRION and VARYS enter the dragons holding chamber bearing torches. TYRION begins walking slowly down the steps. VARYS remains at the top. When TYRION reaches the floor, he pauses and stares into the darkness. Faint growling can be heard. TYRION stops and looks back at VARYS momentarily. RHAEGAL and VISERION emerge from the shadows. VISERION lights a fire in his mouth and roars at TYRION. RHAEGAL approaches with a small roar.  Im friends with your mother. Im here to help. Dont eat the help. TYRION chuckles nervously. RHAEGAL growls at TYRION. TYRION approaches cautiously.  When I was a child an uncle asked what gift I wanted for my name day. I begged him for one of you. It wouldnt even have to be a big dragon, I told him. It could be little, like me. TYRION sets down his torch and gets closer to RHAEGAL.  Everyone laughed like it was the funniest thing they had ever heard. Then my father told me the last dragon had died a century ago. I cried myself to sleep that night. TYRION touches RHAEGAL on the neck.  But here you are. TYRION takes hold of the piston keeping RHAEGALs shackle closed and pulls it free. The shackle falls the ground. TYRION turns around to see VISERION growling at him. VISERION exposes his neck to TYRION. TYRION approaches and releases the piston from VISERIONs shackle. RHAEGAL and VISERION return to the shadows. TYRION picks up his torch and hurries up the steps.  Next time I have an idea like that, punch me in the face. ARYA is sitting on the ground against the wall of a street. The WAIF appears, staff in hand.  Whats your name? ARYA grabs her staff and rushes to her feet. The WAIF smacks ARYA in the face, drawing blood. ARYA approaches the sound of the WAIFs voice, but the WAIF has already moved to the side.  Whats your name?  No one.  I dont believe that. ARYA swings her staff at the WAIF, but misses. The WAIF hits ARYA in the side.  You dont believe that. ARYA swings her staff at the WAIF again, but misses again. The WAIF hits ARYAoin the other side. ARYA rushes towards the WAIF and trips on some steps, falling to the ground. She grabs her staff and stands back up. The WAIF hits ARYA three more times, knocking her to the ground on the third. ARYA stands up and swings at the WAIF again, and misses for a third time. The WAIF hits ARYA in the face, knocking her to the ground again. ARYA is panting heavily. She returns to her feet, screams, and swings her staff around her many times. The WAIF has disappeared. The Faceless Man, taking on the visage of JAQEN HGHAR, catches ARYAs staff mid-swing.  Who are you?  No one.  If a girl says her name, a man will let her sleep under a roof tonight.  A girl has no name.  If a girl says her name, a man will feed her tonight.  A girl has no name.  If a girl says her name, a man will give her eyes back.  A girl has no name. JAQEN releases ARYAs staff.  Come. ARYA turns around and walks to her beggar basket.  Leave it. A girl is not a beggar anymore. ARYA follows JAQEN. ROOSE, RAMSAY, and LORD KARSTARK are gathered at the dining table, talking. RAMSAY and LORD KARSTARK are standing, while ROOSE remains seated at the head of the table.  He came upon the bodies on our way here.  Half a dozen men? Your best hunters?  They obviously had help.  I didnt think lady Sansa killed them all by herself. Thank you for this report, Lord Kastark.  We know where shes going. Her brothers at Castle Black.  Ned Starks last surviving son?  Jon Snow is a bastard, not a Stark.  So was I, Father.  Your hold on the North will never be secure as long as a Stark can walk through that door.  Castle Black isnt defended on the southern side. And the few men left are barely men at all. Farm boys and thieves. With a small force we could storm the castle, kill Jon Snow --  Murder the Lord Commander of the Nights Watch? Youd unite every house in the North against us.  We dont need every house in the North. The Umbers, the Manderlys, and the Karstarks. command more soldiers than all the other houses combined. With their support, none could challenge us.  The Starks lost my house the day King Rob cut off my fathers head. Its time for new blood in the North. ROOSE looks at both his son and lord Karstark. He gets up and stands in front of them.  If you acquire a reputation as a mad dog, youll be treated as a mad dog. Taken out back and slaughtered for pig feed. MAESTER WOLKAN enters and interrupts them.  My lords. Lady Walda has given birth. A boy. Red-cheeked and healthy.  My congratulations, Lord Bolton. RAMSAY steps towards his father. They hug.  Congratulations, Father. I look forward to meeting my new brother. ROOSE puts his hand on RAMSAYs shoulder.  Youll always be my firstborn.  Thank you for saying that. It means a great deal to me. RAMSAY stabs ROOSE in the gut with a knife. ROOSE falls to the ground. ROOSE dies. RAMSAY steps away from ROOSE and cleans his knife.  Maester Wolkan, send ravens to all the Northern houses. Roose Bolton is dead. Poisoned by our enemies. MAESTER WOLKAN does not respond.  How did he die?  Poisoned by his enemies.  You're talking to your lord. Use respect.  Forgive me, my lord.  Send for Lady Walda and the baby.  Shes resting, my lord. RAMSAY glares at MAESTER WOLKAN.  At once, my lord. RAMSAY looks down at ROOSE's body. RAMSAY is standing alone. LADY WALDA walks to RAMSAY carrying her newborn son.  There he is.  Isnt he wonderful? LADY WALDA shows RAMSAY her son.  May I hold him?  Of course. RAMSAY takes the baby.  Little brother.  Lord Bolton sent for us. Have you seen him? LADY WALDA reaches for the baby. RAMSAY hands the baby to her.  Of course. Follow me, Mother. RAMSAY and LADY WALDA walk to the kennel and enter. RAMSAY opens the gate. The dogs bark. RAMSAY closes the gate and locks it. LADY WALDA looks around.  Where is Lord Bolton? The dogs bark even louder.  Down! The baby starts crying. LADY WALDA tries to soothe the baby.  Its all right. Come on, shh. RAMSAY opens the door of a kennel.  Its cold out here, Ramsay. I need to feed him. RAMSAY opens the doors of all the kennels one by one.  Ramsay, where is your father? Ramsay? Where is Lord Bolton? RAMSAY walks back over to LADY WALDA.  I am Lord Bolton. LADY WALDA looks at her baby.  Ramsay. Ramsay, please. Ill leave Winterfell. Ill go back to the Riverlands. Please. Ramsay. Hes your brother.  I prefer being an only child. RAMSEY whisles at the dogs. They exit their pens and attack LADY WALDA and the baby. LADY WALDA screams. The dogs kill them. THEON is gathering wood. He glances at SANSA and BRIENNE, who are in conversation. PODRICK is making a fire.  I saw her with a man. I dont think he hurt her. She didnt want to leave him, he didnt want to leave her.  You dont know which way she went?  I spent three days looking for her. She disappeared.  How did she look?  She looked good. She wasnt exactly dressed like a lady. SANSA smiles.  No, she wouldnt be.  What happened at Winterfell? SANSA pauses and tears up.  I shouldve gone with you while I had the chance.  It was a difficult choice, my lady. BRIENNE looks at THEON.  Weve all had to make difficult choices. THEON stands up and walks away from PODRICK. SANSA stands and walks to THEON.  We shouldnt be lighting fires. Its not safe. He wont stop hunting us.  We just have to make it to Castle Black. Once were with Jon, Ramsay wont be able to touch us.  Jon will have me killed the moment I step through the gate.  I wont let him. Ill tell him the truth about Bran and Rickon.  And the truth about the farm boys I killed in their place? The truth about Ser Rodrik, who I beheaded? SANSA looks to the ground.  And the truth about Rob, who I betrayed?  When you take the black, all your crimes are forgiven.  I dont want to be forgiven. I can never make amends to your family for all the things that Ive done. Theyll keep you safer than I ever could.  Youre not coming with us?  I would have taken you all the way to the Wall. I would have died to get you there. SANSA hugs THEON. They both cry.  May I take one of the horses?  Where will you go?  Home. A storm is raging. YARA and BALON are standing and speaking. BALON stands at the fireplace with his back to YARA.  The Glovers have retaken Deepwood Motte.  And the Ironborn who held it?  They died fighting to a man.  What is dead may never die.  What is dead may never die. YARA places the piece of paper she was reading from on a table.  But they did and our invasion died with them. Deepwood Motte was our last stronghold on the mainland.  They we will take more.  Why? For more pinecones and rocks? BALON turns around to face YARA.  Because I order it.  We can defeat anyone at sea, but well never hold lands and castles against mainland armies. BALON walks to YARA.  Not if our captains defy my orders, abandon their posts, and sacrifice our men on foolish mission.  I wont apologize for trying to rescue Theon.  Then where is he?  Where is your kingdom? We took those castles because the northerners marched off to war. That war is over. The last time we provoked them too far, I watched from that window as they breached our walls and knocked down our towers. I lost two brothers that day.  And I lost three sons. The War of the Five Kings, they call it. Well, the other four are dead. When you rule the Iron Islands, you can wage all the peace you wan. But for now, shut your mouth and obey or I will make another heir who will. BALON exits the hall. Rain is pouring down. BALON begins to cross the unsteady bridge. He leans on the ropes and looks down at the ocean, then sees a cloaked figure on the other side of the bridge.  Let me pass. You fool, move aside for your king.  Havent I always, brother? The hooded figure takes off his hood, revealing his identity. He is EURON GREYJOY. BALON walks a few steps closer.  I thought youd be rotting under some foreign sea by now.  What is dead may never die. BALON does not respond.  Has the custom changed since Ive been gone? Arent you supposed to repeat the words?  You can mock our god without my help.  I dont mock the Drowned God. I am the Drowned God. From Oldtown to Qarth, when men see my sails, they pray. The wind buffets the bridge back and forth. BALON tries to hold his balance. EURON chuckles.  Youre old, brother. You've had your time. Now let another rule. BALON walks towards his brother.  I heard you lost your mind during the storm on the Jade Sea. They tied you to the mast to keep you from jumping overboard.  They did.  And when the storm passed, you cut out their tongues.  I needed silence.  What kind of an Ironborn loses his senses during a storm?  I am the storm, brother. The first storm and the last. And youre in my way. BALON draws a knife and slashes EURON across the face. EURON throws BALON off the bridge. BALON falls to his death. Many Ironborn are in attendance for BALON's funeral. AERON GREYJOY and several Drowned Men are gathered around BALON's body. They are performing funeral rites, covering it with rocks, seaweed, and wood. YARA approaches. YARA and the Drowned Men walk BALON's body through the shallows.  Lord, take your servant Balon back beneath the waves. Feed the creatures of your kingdom on his flesh. Pull his bones down to your depths to rest beside his ancestors and his children.  What is dead may never die.  Im going to find out who did this. Im going to feed them to the sharks while they live. I swear it by the Salt Throne.  The Salt Throne is not yours to swear upon, not unless the kingsmoot chooses you.  My father wouldve wanted me to rule.  Your father does not get to choose. The law is clear. Perhaps you'll win. Perhaps youll be the first woman in history to rule the Ironborn. And perhaps not. MELISANDRE is sitting at the fireplace. Someone knocks on the door.  Come in. DAVOS enters.  I'm sorry, my lady. I didnt mean to interrupt.  You interrupt nothing. DAVOS looks at the fireplace and then at MELISANDRE.  I assume you know why Im here.  I will after you tell me.  Its about the Lord Commander.  The former Lord Commander.  Does he have to be? MELISANDRE looks at DAVOS.  What are you asking?  Do you know of any magic...that could help him? Bring him back?  If you want to help him, leave him be.  Can it be done?  There are some with his power.  How?  I dont know.  Have you seen it done?  I met a man who came back from the dead, but the priest who did it -- It shouldnt have been possible.  But it was. It could be now.  Not for me. MELISANDRE stands and walks away from her chair. DAVOS walks towards her.  Not for you? I saw you drink poison that shouldve killed you. I saw you give birth to a demon made of shadows.  Everything I believed, the great victory I saw in the flames, all of it was a lie. MELISANDRE looks at DAVOS.  You were right all along. The Lord never spoke to me.  Fuck him, then. Fuck all of them. Im not a devout man, obviously. Seven Gods, drowned gods, tree gods, it's all the same. DAVOS comes a step closer to MELISANDRE  Im not asking the Lord of Light for help.Im asking the woman who showed me that miracles exist.  I never had this gift.  Have you ever tried? DAVOS, TORMUND, DOLOROUS EDD, and MELISANDRE are gathered around JON SNOW's body. GHOST is sleeping on the floor. MELISANDRE is performing a ritual on JON SNOW's body. She wrings out a wet cloth with which she cleans out the wounds of JON SNOW. She cuts his hair and beard and throws the hairs in a firepit. Then she places her hands on JON SNOW's chest and utters an incantation in Valyrian. She sighs.  Please. MELISANDRE lets her hands down slowly. She has tears in her eyes and looks to DAVOS. TORMUND scoffs and exits, followed by MELISANDRE and DOLOROUS EDD. DAVOS lingers and stares at JON SNOW's body, but eventually exits. GHOST suddenly wakes up and looks at JON SNOW. JON SNOW's eyes snap open and he gasps for breath.